e
would you like me to tell you a special
story you
would come on up here
[Music]
I think I'm going a
little I can't sleep at
night I can't use
no understands a world that's
not so
[Music]
I'm a little less on my own
nothing without you
[Music]
in
C
woman what
feels longing for the and the love of
the life of the lon
t
[Music]
your
battle your
[Music]
you just like
very nice very nice very
nice what's the next song going to be
place your back
what's it going to be
Shivers oh
[Music]
wow right
okay thanks love letters thank you thank
you thank you bad you were
released you're released from your
prison very
good can you play a can you play you can
do this
girl you can do this girl you can do
this girl
I think I should play that one hold
up oh
mhm here we
go you can do this girl you you can do
this girl you can do this
girl you can do you can do
this oh that's nice
you can do
this one 2 three four five six 7 8 9
10 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9
10 saw this one too
[Music]
fishing is calling you sorry just this
one I feel like this one would be hurt
this one would hurt to like take a
picture cuz
like holding it from the base like that
is so [__] funny heartwarming they
just caught them they just got
these
wait there's this one too damn it really
is a crowbar I'll be back in a bit hey
how you doing is it the floorboards yeah
it's the floorboards you know some days
are going to be good some days going to
be not so good what what can you do
about I appreciate the sentiment but
I'll the s a whiskey on the
Rocks Johnny I ain't got any hands
Johnny got
hands okay wa fishy might tell you fishy
might tell you uh I think I'm going to I
think I'm going to I think I'm going to
play the demo I just did today just once
because I'm sampling chest I'm sing I'm
samp champ I can do this let's try this
again I'm sampling the chess Lord
sadistic tushi in a
song for a love and pony step I
think y'all let me
know we're being dominated go on the
aggression the Bony bring out the juicer
in the Bony bring out the juicer H in
the Bony bring out the juicer dummy so
this is the way yeah you don't see the
bottom till you hit it face your ti sh
fit it broken fish broken heart oh my
code it's been a minute dusing on that t
sech just told me Steady hop in the pony
sacrifice in the Bony bring out the
juicer up in the Bony bring out the
juicer up in the Bony bring out
theum how are we feeling how we feeling
about that
also the Reverb phone sound thingy
that's called the that's that's called
The Wheel
up it's a it's a it's
a I mean w wyver wver wyvern as always
wyver had set it so wheel
up it's used in a lot of like it's it's
it's it's like typically a like a sample
in jungle music
but then it got reopt for stuff like dub
dubstep and like you know
Rhythm it's a very famous
sample also I saw an earlier in chat I I
didn't say it then but I want to say it
now who the [__] first song was was
merold their first Violet pody song was
merold which one of you was it
because that's
crazy out of all the songs you could
hear you you out of all the songs you
could hear for me first how the [__] was
it marold how what did you how did you
how was it
marold is it did I
forget oh my goodness
I mean shout out you're a real one for
it
but a side of a
burger there's no there's no way this is
this is all your guys first song okay
what what was everyone's first VI Pony
song just do it in
chat just do it in chat
your first song was the Monarch album
because you thought the album art was
visually appealing that's like the most
real comment ever the amount of [__] I
see people being like ah this album
covers so bad this album so it's like oh
my God I have to kill people we to start
killing people to the FBI listening this
is this is a
joke let see with weapons girls forar
Wizards how to kill monsters
fall of the
clouds fall of the clouds like back when
it came out
or F the clouds that it came out holy
[__] uh well you know that was 11 years
ago so shout out
for that
one I'm thinking about do redoing the M
This Time music video because I can draw
a lot more oh [__] wait I got to I got
to get I got to get a princess monster
truck
wait so uh
I
context I kept an archive of like my my
iOS camera roles since 2011 2010 but for
whatever reason a period from late 2013
to late 2014 was completely
missing but I had an old Instagram
account where a bunch of like the more
important posts were the more important
posts were archived so I went through
and requested an archive of all those
posts and stuff
um and among those things that I found
were were some very interesting things
but
importantly I found princess monster
truck um now if I remember what this I
was trying to draw something
else I was trying to draw something else
and I failed at it so I just like turned
it into princess monster truck um this
was supposed to be a joke this was like
2013 what was the date on this it says
so December 2013 so this was like 12
years ago um and I'm like you know what
we can do that we can do that so 12
years
later she's she's real
now not a shadow but an adversary of
crun Tiberius
it's crazy it's
crazy I did find some really interesting
things
here
um hold
on all this was this is what I was
trying to draw with with princess
monster truck originally it's the same
poison [__] I don't know what this is
either but it is what it is it is
something
uh this not the folder I was thinking of
where can we go here okay okay this is
crazy this is crazy this is crazy so I
have this
screenshot th this this this this will
throw you back in time maybe before you
were even around here but uh none of the
[__] videos in this screenshot are
even existing anymore except for Pony
hype
itself uh but it's so funny to see this
it's so funny to see
this
um do would anyone potentially remember
this logo that I used for like a couple
of months and then never again
I don't think anyone here maybe whoever
said you were here for 2014's uh follow
the clads cuz this is from 2013 okay so
you you probably you probably remember
this
logo that's
crazy
um this was my this was my studio
space at the end of
2013 this is where this is this is where
the this is where it all happened I
guess that's
crazy um okay this is what I was looking
for
so this this this is a
photo of no matter what 2012 like the
first technical Violet Pony
song this is a photo of the original
project on the original computer in the
original
software this is this was no matter what
the F the 2012 one the original
one the fact that I found this cuz I
have the project for it having the
project for is already really cool like
I still have it but seeing it as it was
when we made it is the craziest thing to
me this is this is what it [__]
looked like when I made the
song This is literally what it looked
like when I made the song
it's
crazy but I thought that's a really
important find the quality of the photo
is not as good as it could have been but
I'll take it and the original title for
no matter what was cider
season as
well uh also found this [__] t-shirt
spread I don't have any of these anymore
I wish I did I don't know where they
went but uh
that's a whole that's a whole
ordeal where was it
I there's some other interesting things
here I don't know if it would be as
interesting to everyone else I mean
here's my [__] Twitter from
2012 I mean
2013 so that's a
thing and was going off of that feather
was just the other just the other stream
or two ago I'm still referencing feather
2013 that's the
time
um yeah very cool very
cool um okay do I know Violet Pony music
let's find
out uhoh
that's
nothing okay
okay what are songs that
have enough quiet last time I said
colorless and it
worked it could
be it could be death's whisper there is
that area at the end where there's
silence and there are a couple gaps in
it
[Music]
um it could be like an Alo and Lotus
song like tenderness I'm going to do
tender
tenderness
okay holy [__] it wasn't tenderness but
it was from the Same album and from the
same section of the album too so that
one is
nurture so okay
this was a really [__] good guess
because uh Alo and Lotus is technically
two EPS turned into an
album
um
uh go to okay okay let me let me cope
for a second so these first six songs
are Lotus
ep the final songs starting from
takamina are the Alo EP excluding
Squidward which is not part of the
original Alo
AP and then Sleepless through sailing
away are like the bonus tracks like the
the beat tape in the
middle
so I just need to tell you that my guess
of
tenderness but the song was actually
nurture is crazy because they're they're
both part of the lotus section and
nurture comes right after tender
tenderness so I will say that was a
crazy ass [__] guess
nice that is let's fly to the castle
nice
uh that's oh we're we're doing Earnest
now
okay more noise
okay oh it's this is not working anyway
I don't know why I'm doing this
it's not it's not city of the silent is
it no
okay oh hello fish
[Music]
whisper ver dear event
nice you know what pretty good I would
say pretty good let's do the others
[Music]
I know what this is but I'm like stumped
on it for a second no one say
anything I should know this this one's
really obvious I know it
is but why am I not getting
it I literally know what this is and I
don't know what it is
[Music]
why do oh why don't I know what this
is this isn't okay this one I really
really should be able to get cuz I know
I I I
okay yeah this is like oh is it
it's not in the name of friendship is
it
no okay oh okay that's
okay that's
it that's it that's it that's it that's
it
okay damn that sucks I really should
have gotten that the first try facing
Oblivion to become the load star I
really should have gotten that one
that's there's no excuse for this one
okay that's where everything is new
there's less to go on that it's
literally less to go on this one I know
what that is that's [__]
up uh what's it called uh when I close
my eyes that's the poem
one okay that's three queen of Ms in a
row this magic
[__] Revenge
fantasy nice
damn it I this this feels like a loss to
me this this one really feels like a
loss to me I really should have gotten
that
one
okay no matter what
2016 okay cool I don't even like that
one I would recognize me a mere half
second of do it all
differently oh I mean that is a half
second well there you
go uh uh uh it's it's it's oh not wo is
me it's the heretic I keep confusing it
because wo is me was the original title
for the heretic it was titled wo is me
until I exported it when I exported it
then it became called the heretic so I I
keep you
know for the the love of
music
oh do we do this way nice okay
nice that's perfect
score did the first chorus or second
chorus of heretic come first
um the first chorus but the instrumental
of the second chorus came
first if that makes sense so the lyrics
came out came after but the instrumental
came first
okay very
nice um the original I think I played
this on stream before uh but the
original demo for the heretic sounds
very different is it this one yeah
this is the first demo for wo is me the
heretic I keep saying wo is me it's even
titled
[Music]
[Applause]
that and then the results to
the we also had a a part where the drums
sounded like this for a
while just another
[__] while this truth in the
SC and then there was the part where we
had this bridge
[Music]
that was the those some of the original
demos and then the other demos are under
the herotic I think think and then it's
[Music]
likey I saw the vulture
circling aren you
lonely they
whisper you could use the
compy and it all
[Music]
should be
down and then of course the further you
go we we get to
[Music]
there and I said it before but the
reason why this part sounds so different
is because the intro originally used
like fake guitars they were just like
like uh VST syns and then finally when I
finished the song I re-recorded them
with like actual guitars like myself so
that's why it sounds so much more bad it
sounds so much better because it's real
instead of being like a
synth
[Music]
the
my a
I just really wanted to set that to S
like the most menacing
like monster hulking towards you type
[__] one of the things I wanted to
achieve with Monarch was like how do I
achieve intensity without it feeling
fake like when I do stuff like really
intense electronic music and bro step
and like music like it's super intense
but it's like also like I don't know how
to say it properly it just uh it feels
artificial whereas with Monarch I was
like how do I make it sound like super
intense in a way that it could exist in
front of you in like a in like a place
like this isn't happening through ex
like extravagant Electronics these are
all real things how do I how do I
harness
intensity with with uh with things that
sound very real instead of like
artificial that's a big challenge I saw
some interesting criticism to people
being like Oh the vocal should have been
more distorted the vocal should have
been more like processed and stuff cuz
my vocals were rather UNT readed for a
lot of Carousel orot Carousel I'm sorry
just read the comment uh a lot of a a
monarch and the reason why I chose to do
things this way is one because again I
wanted it to feel like it could happen
like right in front of you the less the
less uh the less electronic processing
there was in a lot of these parts like
the better in this case not that I'm
against it of course I'm an Electronic
Music musician at heart but I wanted to
experiment with how intense these things
could feel as if they were right in
front of you um and so with the vocals I
was really inspired by like i' I've
talked about this before I I repeat
myself a lot but uh not everyone yeah
ill daughters by the way very very
unfortunate
mention um but it was inspired by a lot
of uh the no wave scene um no wave Punk
scene from uh late '70s early 80s and
something I loved about that stuff is
how it's super maniacal and super noisy
and super intense but it also sounds
like thin and also sounds like intimate
in a weird way cuz it's like very
unprocessed it's just sort of like di
recorded [__] and like just kind of
right in front of you and I wanted to
try and do stuff like that too it does
sound sort of thin and Tiny on purpose
though um
the conversation of whether Monarch can
be labeled no wave or not is is a very
very very very interesting
one cuz I I I I've been watching the uh
hold on let's let's let's pull it up
really quickly I've been watching the
great no wave war of R your music for
for for Monarch it's always funny to
look at so with the genre with the genre
voting it's like
a oh it's so it's so funny this is so
funny there's an actual war going
on um and what's funny is I voted for it
I I voted for no way of a secondary for
for Monarch but at the same time I
totally understand why it wouldn't get
it cuz cuz no wave is is a scene again
rather than actually being a genre cuz
like no wave no wave doesn't even really
have a sound it really just has an eth
an ethos
because like I'm I I
uh I have a hard time pronouncing the
name but uh Lizzy
Merc de I don't know how to pronounce
pronounce her name necessarily but she
is part of the no wave scene and her
music sounded like really silly disco
music meanwhile uh Glenn branka um his
sounded like big orchestral rock music
all of a sudden and then on the other
side you had groups like like yeah a
teenage Jesus you had Mars you had DNA
and they sounded like very very scratchy
just punk
music um and all of these
things uh all of these things are
completely different and yet they're all
part of the no wave scene because again
it's not really um it's not really about
the genre it's not a genre
so there's this pride thing of me it's
like oh I really wish I really wish uh
where people would like uh externally
recognize the no wave influences but at
the same time it's like it's such an
Antiquated thing it's like kind it's
it's a dead scene so and it's a scene
nonetheless so it's just something I
think about I'm very proud of the
influence I had no no idea Madonna was
part of the no wave scene as
well how is the now wave idea going on
uh going by the way um I loved the idea
so much but then I started to realize
like this is like such a terminally
online way of like marketing everything
it's just a terminally online way of
like considering music like no one
outside these communities and no one
outside like this this these these music
spaces are really going to give a [__]
about like labeling a scene like that
cuz it's not really a scene that's being
taken into any account other than by a
few artists
really Madonna rumored to have dated
Michael G that's crazy
this is this is lore have is completely
unaware
of that's really
crazy I haven't listened to a lot of
Madonna either maybe I maybe this is the
time to do
it yeah write your music brain w and I'm
I'm so terminally online trust me I I I
would love the idea of like of like more
more uh recognition for that for like an
alternative no wave SE
but it's also so artificial like it's
just because we feel like it and that's
not how scenes work
so the best thing you can do is really
just say that Monarch is just noise Rock
cuz that's what it that because that's
objectively what it
is um and no wave has parts of noise
Rock in it and so you know that suffices
I
think um
I think Monarch is I would I would
say technically just noise Rock and
progressive rock which just influences
from a bunch of other
places uh and I've got over this before
many times but I I prefer to be a genre
purist I I prefer to be pedantic about
genres because it's a form of historical
record
keeping
so we've we've we've done this and dance
before on here before so we we know all
about
that
um what was being said here
uh all yeah I'd probably be down to to
work with Fel
sometime we're mutuals we've spoken a
couple times I
think but uh I haven't really talked
about making music before
I need to be in a particular mood to
like really get down with uh making
something like fastpaced like digital
hardcore like hexd stuff
but well about genres if you want to get
into learning about
genres you know I would recommend I
would recommend rate your music not
because rate your music's users are
particularly enjoyable to be around rate
your music is also a terrible place to
understand anything about like the
perception of music cuz everyone's so
[__] weird there but for historical
purposes for genres for like community
research stuff right your music's great
especially because the box set stuff you
know you learn a lot so um just ignore
every person on the website
would you ever go back to would you
consider re revamping my letter to the
princess no I don't really like that
song um what was it I was looking at uh
I was looking
at the Taylor Swift ratings on R your
music and some of them are like pretty
like decent and I saw a comment
somewhere being like Oh no the the
swifties are powerful on every platform
they're inflating their ratings on on
the web like I'm sorry there's a point
where you just have to admit people like
Taylor Swift I'm sorry you're on a
website full of like pretentious
[__] and if if Taylor Swift is still
getting high scores it's not it's not
because swifties are invading the
site it's it's because people like
Taylor
Swift very very sorry to have to burst
your
bubble um
the cataloging aspect of WR your music
is awesome
too I think as people are so like so
entitled to their opinions right I think
the the problem is is like is announcing
it in like a grander like spew of words
that you don't understand and then
claiming that to be like the be all end
all interpretation of the way you should
enjoy a piece of music or
something there's like a bunch of
buzzword people will use because they
think they they sound interesting in a
in a review setting and then they
couldn't actually explain details about
their interpretation or their
understanding of the
music am I drunk today no I don't
consume alcohol to any
capacity I'm G to I'm just going to say
it
uh I'm just G to say it Taylor Swifts
I I I [__] with her
heavy there's there's no there's no way
around it uh I've downplayed my interest
in her music for a long
time and I'm at the point where now it's
like I'm so sick of
like I'm so I'm so sick of
uh I'm so sick of Music criticism in
general I'm so sick of like CR like okay
sorry [__] like top 40 music right
now top 40 music the past like two years
has been [__]
awesome like the [__] that's on the
radio is fire the shit's like that's
popular and I was like fire we're we're
in a period of like popular music right
now where I feel like it's it's it's
reminding me of how flourishing the
early 2010s and the late 2000s were in
pop
music like this shit's we're go it's
going crazy
I don't like I don't like Taylor show
because she's a billionaire too that's
that's a whole different story I I will
I will dog on her for B being a
billionaire every single day of my
life but the music is
great uh
yeah except the occasional Mega Traer
and David the [__] David G oh my god
oh David G David G
yeah one of one of the earliest CDs I
had was a Taylor Swift one but it was
198 1985
so
um oh but David geta oh
man I don't know how how to say this
elegantly other than I don't know how
David GNA managed to gentrify an
extremely White song
like it's the song is I'm
blue but somehow I think David geta
colonized it I don't know how to explain
it but I think he did his French
thing he's French right David French
hold on I'm Googling
this is David get a
French yes David get is French okay nice
he did his French
thing is David K French analex increased
500% oh David K shout outs to his
family oh man oh [__] what is wrong
with him I'm sorry just just what is
wrong with him is he
okay the only David geta song I've ever
liked was the one that aichi basically
wrote like that's the only David geta
song that I'll listen to is the one
that's basically just an aichi
song yeah okay so David geta uh during
the black lives matter protest in
America in 2020 David
geta did a [__] like show on top of a
roof or whatever
[Applause]
and he said I hope we can see more like
peace and like blah blah blah blah and
he's like shout out to George Floyd's
family and then he played like the
cheesiest [__] EDM drop you could
ever imagine hold on this is
real hold
on I got to get the one that's not the
edited cuz there's a version that uses
hamster
dance here here okay this should be the
actual one this is this should be
completely unedited this is [__]
real
people United at
home the world is going through
difficult
times and America too
[Music]
actually so last night I knew we were
going to do this
and I met a special record so this
record is in honor of George
Floyd and I really hope we can see more
unity and more
peace when already things are so
difficult so shout out to his family
[Music]
so even though we Face the
difficulties of today and tomorrow I
still have a dream it is a dream deeply
rooted in the American
dream I have a
dream I have a dream but one
day this nation will rise up live up the
of
all oh oh oh um what have I trying to
say here just that
[Music]
um
there's this is not satire it's not
satire
really [__] did this he really meant
it it's not AI this is in
2020 [__] shout out to his
family what a guy
um he's French that's that's the
issue um what good
um cool sorry it's like this hurts my
head
I'm trying to like recoup run it back
we're good we're all
fine uh we're going to play Disco elium
were we talking about something I feel
like David going to just erase my
brain we were just we were just talking
about oh we were talking about how how
good like music is right now music's
great
guys music's great
except for David
Kenna yeah no
I there's been so much good music the
past couple years like it's just it's
it's
nauseating
um I will always side eye anyone who's
like
I I will side eye anyone who who talks
in like like like regressive music terms
like people who don't see the potential
of like what what good music is coming
out right
now yeah my
[__] yeah collecting vinyl in 2024 is
a nightmare it took me like 3 4 months
to get a [__] Charlie XCX brat vinyl
unacceptable sh kept selling
out um [__]
2024 Porter Robinson released H my
favorite Porter Robinson album in
2024 and still didn't even make my top
10 not because it was bad but just
because there was so much [__] good
music uh
oh I recently brought my CD collection
out of like storage so I can actually
show
stuff you see the craziest thing is that
one of the first one of the first CDs I
ever bought with like my own
money was Rihanna's Talk That Talk
deluxe edition on CD was like one of the
first CDs I've ever owned in my entire
life anything else is funny
here oh no where is it wait wait wait
wait
wait y' want to see what I found at the
store the other day okay I think I found
this brand new completely unopened and
of course I opened it but I [__] I
got I found a Kings of Crunk on
CD it was brand new so uh you know I had
to you know I had to scoop
it I had to scoop I had to scoop Little
John in my little hooves
for whatever reason this past week this
past like couple weeks I've just felt
like only listening to Lil Wayne for
some
reason I don't know exactly how to
explain it it's just that's just where
I'm at right
now okay
I might listen to uh L Wayne Revival and
see if I can
survive low way
survival andan I like most of his
music just Revival is one of those uh
just one of those
I don't even have to say
it okay so
what I'm sorry
I David geta is still in my head right
now that really like reset me I don't
know what just
happened David geta [__] reset me
yeah I already did the
karaoke we need to
heal just just because Harry's at full
morale doesn't mean I
am what were we
doing oh yeah the fishing Village that
was the main quest I
think yeah where's that inspect that uh
bo
oh I never to talk to G I'm TR local
kids right
now we still haven't found the murder
weapon I don't know when that's going to
happen stop I'm getting like flashes and
and I'm getting like flashes of David
geta in my mind I'm not kidding this is
not this like so intrusive stop I just
see him dancing and I just hear I have a
dream
Stop Get Out of My
Head stop saying his name he who should
up be
named hello meow meow hey was there
something you
needed another thing great I love
those what are you a cook now that's n
of your
business he wasn't pan fried he was
lynched what could the kitchen possibly
have to do with fine okay the kitchen is
closed until 1: p.m. because the cook is
working you can snoop around after that
if you
must oh okay well I did hear you make
noise back there so good for you he's
really really holding himself
back okay what is back
a skeleton a melum of the
Dead ha I knew it I've always wondered
where those machines by the door came
from and they told me there was some
kind of pinball thing here
too I knew it were there any back there
in working order I
mean no I was just wondering
if you found pinball machines there he
was wondering about something business
related about how much money he could
make of
one no but we could diversify the
entertainment options seeing as you I
snack on it's always going to be always
going to be sponsored by Broken the
official
and yes the Inland Empire is named after
David Lynch Rest in Peace by the way it
wouldn't hurt to get a little life in
here other than the hellish karaoke
machine that one's always causing
trouble yeah those numbers he's adding
up must be making good sense to him
right now sounds like he cares about the
place he's not going to be overjoy to
hear that it's part of the doomed
commercial area he should still know you
have to be for warned about these
things what why would you say that we're
at a completely different address from
that whole thing so he knows of the
doomed commercial area and its address
he's thought about
this I've been working here for a long
time and that intercom has never been
used by the whirling
does this look like part of a doomed
commercial area this pre-revolutionary
tile work these high ceilings the nice
rooms well most for 14 years man that's
how long I've worked here I've kept this
place up through hail and through sleep
[__] me some Doom ghost you've done a
fine job to though you've spoken of the
place dismissively before the Hostile is
to be very important to
him yeah it it's slowly growing on me
again it's beautiful in its own way
especially for this neighborhood I've
been trying to keep it that
way even if it is part of the damn
doomed commercial area I don't Place
much stock in the curse and so on but
the label frightens the clientele who
wants to stay at a doomed hospit
everything's doomed enough without
that some real estate management company
they never come around here just collect
money from AF far honestly I think some
money laundering might be
involved well it's sure as hell wasn't
the real estate company it was you you
look surprised what it's a great name I
know cafeteria managers come up with
great names too it's from a song Hail
Holy Queen by the atenas Hail Holy Queen
of the SE see you're whirling in rags
you're vast to your
s good piig his
emo what about them one is a basement di
frequented by Chain smoking Communists I
can't tell you how sick I am of K mazov
and ignis Nelson and all those old
ghosts he's hesitating not sure if he
should share this information with you
encourage him the other is a kebab cart
it's very successful in its way but it's
nothing like the
whiring luck has got nothing to do with
it now I need to think about where I'm
going to place those pinballs I have a
feeling they're going to
help hold on sorry it's
like I have my heater on right now but
it's like below freezing outside I think
I have a heated a heated
blanket it's happening it's all
happening
okay nice against the Doom it's
implied so if you didn't have anything
else to tell me about my establishment
can we you know wrap it
up what
wall I'll have it fixed at once once
thank you for letting me know I assure
you the whirling does not abide spying
on its guests the color has drained from
his face what a shame to fix such a good
peep electrochemistry shut up smash
voice thank you I'll Patch It Up
personally was there something else
about the establishment I hope not why
no [__] it I don't want to know I don't
want to know why these degenerates do
what they do I thought we had one good
guest in the
building yeah well she's not a guest is
she what did someone mention my name we
were just paying you a compliment and
finding out a degenerate from room three
Nick the phone line everything is okay
here good thing that guest pays for her
stuff on time I'll forward her the bill
and be done with it was there anything
else
yes I have no disco
money yeah electrochemistry is so so
rude so strange what if we can go talk
to the dice
maker this orange machine is dead still
still it has a hand cranked ice cream
churner and
an half light not the valve
game don't don't ever get me started on
halflife of the stream cuz I won't shut
up
oh it's you again are you looking for a
die how did I become one it was a
business decision I was a regular
jeweler at first but that's an unfocused
field with too much
competition some of my friends were role
players they asked me to make some
polyhedral D out of cobalt that was my
first order I grew it from there
not especially I like working with rare
materials and a steady pay and role
players is customers they're nice people
some of those nice people have big bucks
to spend on novelty items they know
about FES she's thankful for the
security they provide
her that's a lot of skill
points can't level up Shivers again
I don't know what to do with my [__]
[__] skill points am I done thinking
M gay not even
close I keep waiting to do like skill
points for for checks and stuff but
maybe I
shouldn't let's let's take a second here
does anyone know how I should be using
my skill points
what is the best thing to do with my
skill points right now probably to level
up these two right at the very
least since these are my lowest
ones max out drama sounds like a
terrible idea
are we leveled the higher
skills it feels like no one can actually
agree on how to use
these yeah the art for these are so good
I also saw tumblr post that was showing
that there are parallels between
the like the the character sheet
portraits and the portraits of other
characters like this one's supposed to
look like Kuno sort of I
think this one supposed look like Cham I
think chem side
profile this is supposed to look like
the racist
one it kind of blew my mind at first
it's still kind of blowing my mind
Authority R to Titus actually uh yeah
Authority might be Titus as
well was a visual calculus I think it
was the uh the gay one
I don't know about Inland Empire
but yeah the Sunday friend have her
pain threshold is the dead
guy
maybe it's hard to
say but the art for this game is such a
crowning like
achievement it's experimental while
still being like very really
communicative
but yeah I don't
know endurance don't call Abigail guy
that's a question mark isn't
that but uh unlock more slots I can only
hit I have these slots yeah up to these
many or is it infinite can I keep going
after
this to Max of 12
okay I really don't know what to do with
these then to be honest
I kind of want to research anti object
task force it seems the funniest
I also want to research AES low I want
to research AES low
most because it gives me two temporary
plus two empathy towards
Kim yeah let's do it
okay so did
that um why
not just add one to physical instrument
cuz that's a thing it's kind of
necessary
sometimes um
most of the intellect is like
reasonable may this will help with the
other strange
interactions I don't know what endurance
does
necessarily but it seems tied to what
physical instrument does so maybe
I do like threatening
people I think maybe I'll just try and
put points into things that I haven't
put points into yet
I'll stick with that for now and not
worry about the rest R and I have three
skill
points actually instead of hand eye
coordination we
will oh [__] does all of them at once
okay okay good enough
maybe that did something someday somehow
what
machine Hi Ace
detective
bye okay
that ride is [__]
lightning hey P look who it is shrunken
copad
material I might saves come this that
ride is
hey these guys aren't scary
that ride is hey P
these
help that ride is [__] hey P look who
these three in a row
really highly worth it is it highly
worth it that ride is
hey these four in a
row it's 40% that's less than half but
that ride hey PE okay I'm going to stop
trying this for now I'm clearly not I'm
clearly not I clearly have a skill
issue we we'll come back to
this everything still cool here
officer my dark Soul's brain tells me to
interact with everyone every day of my
life I could have just fast traveled
but but I didn't
nothing to do with this
car so who has Harry's gun
our tenant the policeman I hope the
waves don't keep you up at night what
can I help you with n I haven't seen
anyone lately because she's blind but
you seem to have
forgotten this is my little cinder block
town I know what goes on around here
she's being invasive she knows something
there was a murder in Martinez she might
be a suspect we would appreciate your
help would you know I know how this
world works and it doesn't work when
people tell on each
other AR so for real she's kind of based
for
this ah I should have known this is yet
another Union mess I'm not afraid of it
you know we are not in the habit of
being afraid around
here there's not much to tell people
come and good now was there something
else I see ma'am I hope you don't mind
if we look around anyway you should look
around your sha maybe she's rented it
out to others
too she's the [__] realest one in
this whole ass game
board as you look at the floorboards in
this corner of the shack it's clear one
of them isn't quite level with the
others the edge of a floorboard next to
it looks
scratched hollow space underneath the
floorboards is dark and damp you can
barely make out the mixture of sand and
sawdust below nothing particular catches
your eye looks like more reads there
might be something hidden inside the
sandb you stick your hand in and start
combing through the sand dry not like
outside fine dust and then something
hard wrapped in paper a small
cylindrical object you pull it out huh a
9 mm bullet to be exact fit for all
muzzle loaders of that caliber the
floorboard isn't interested maybe the
washer woman is you have enough to conf
front her with hold in the bullet you
get the feeling this isn't ammunition
against you it's for
herself all
right how caner the policeman damn that
girl and Without Anger a long and harsh
life has taught her not to buckle Under
Pressure
but you didn't put it there did you she
did
G and hit things in there she's usually
a good tenant and not a stupid one
either yes I let my room to that Ruby
girl as I've done before when she's been
in trouble or just looking for
Solitude I've made it clear we welcome
all kinds of people here she came last
Friday left on Monday in a hurry what
has she gotten her s Ino that girl she
seems genuinely worried about her
previous tenant she's seen her ID and
out from trouble before but this seems
different that's for the police to find
out right there please answer each
question to the best of your ability I'm
sure we have a
few yes early with the dogs around 8:00
I think
she's good company knows how to talk to
an old woman at my age you don't get a
lot of quality conversation so I really
appreciate that about her did she talk
to you much during her last day no she
was mostly silent this time kept to
herself she tried not to let it show but
I could tell she had come to fish
usually she likes to ca a few lines but
this time she she mostly stayed in her
room I cleaned it like I always do no
the truth
s how would I know she's a gr one but
not violent she doesn't go around toting
again you could ask her about your hunch
that it was a desperate measure see if
she thinks Ruby fits the bill I do tell
exit from what
the lieutenant stops writing for a
moment he looks at you then at the old
woman no she's a fighter not a quitter
like you sometimes get
son physical instrument I leveled you up
once and now you're already sassy she
really believes that not that I knew of
though she was into nice music she once
showed me a few mixed statement she'
made although I guess she was pretty
handy with the mechanical and technical
stuff even fix the heater in the Shar
you should be thankful for that she may
simply have kept the equipment elsewhere
I don't know further up the coast she
tried to leave quietly but the hinges on
that door Screech like a cut in heat W
me up I heard her rushing in those heavy
boots heading up North it's a peninsula
she might be trapped you'll never find
her you know she knows the coast L the
back of her hand you only just arrived I
wouldn't worry about that man' we are
persistent this is a cool moment it
needs a cool thing to be
said is that cool
yes it's going to be too much work for
you to find her better for you to stay
here get a nice cozy fire going in the
heat the F electric
mural you feel like you should go look
at it again Step Closer this time one
thing officer if you do find her please
go easy on her she really means it it's
an honest plea she's a good girl
whatever she's gotten herself mixed up
in the
heater where is the
heater I the se's going to calm down
soon I can feel it the wind is turning
Southeast what's on your mind officer oh
who okay when did this person stay here
oh I've been out on the sea for most of
the past week the weather's been good
for fishing so I usually start at 4:00
in the
morning yes that's the optimal time got
to make the most of the Cal I've been
sleeping like a corpse after the sea
really takes its toll now I'm just
waiting for the wind to settle to get
out I noticed he was standing in his
little cubby sorry I couldn't help you
out maybe I can help you find someone
else well how can I assist you then
offic wait who are you I'll just keep
the PO Dei in the channel if that's okay
it's too shallow near the pier it's chy
hi ma'am and it's a jetty by the way of
course Jetty I prefer a good Jetty to
appear any day
Jet Jet Jetty something about the way
she says it makes you want to
sing oh Jetty oh Jetty oh you're gay
it's good to see you here detectives I
only just arrived myself what brings you
here Madam nothing really I've had my
eye on this Jetty for weeks now so I
decided to investigate it personally
this cluster of buildings isn't on any
of the official Maps as far as I can
tell
and she's also keeping an eye on
you spying has such a negative
connotation I did track your progress
along the coast however and decided I
would be better able to assist you from
here then there's the matter of that
little Scamp in old lady clothes she
threatened to paint the cordate she read
like blood you see well I like it the
way it is
white oh you like it white do you
Joyce how do I like
it water drips down Eaves of eite the
jetty below her feet Creeks to the
tune the smell of salt and dog [__] in
the background it's pornographically
poor the street has no name all the men
are dead or missing and is that the
carcass of a motor Carriage over there
I'm surprised that woman hasn't put me
to the sword yet maybe she will
you should ask your questions while you
can dark eyes survey the coast leading
up to martines dull gray metal rest in
her Scabbard a sword the wind is too
loud for her to hear fortunately for you
Madame the RCM is on the scene all right
politics time let's react
I don't know what is going on in the
rhetoric
image looks sort of alien to me
oh I'm not frightened officer I'd never
above you there forms a quilt of Alto
cumulus clouds twisting into each other
the wind tugs and stretches them over
the bay their Cloud Shadows slide over
the ruins of riversa West wherever they
pass the temperature drops slightly but
perceptibly have I told you how they
discovered this
place no the insulindian
ISA I'm guessing you don't know then
well your condition has left you no
worse off than most of these people the
literacy rate is around 45% west of the
river 50 years of occupation have left
these people in an oblivion of
poverty it's a
most of these people will never know
what this place means this island of
matter or why they were fed over in the
first place remind me to tell you one
day for now how can I assist you in this
new
location of course I hear you have
singled out a suspect and are in Pursuit
this is ca for cautious
optimism how can I help you at this
juncture of course any I am sorry
okay the scruffy haired little boy kicks
a stone while the other watches him do
it children are stupid what bad people I
don't think questioning four-year-olds
with your de parents present is going to
crack the
case
okay
okay is that the
fmid it looks like the fmid leaning
against the
wall
where no wait what if this is the
fishing rad situation all over
again fine it's not a fmid it's not even
organic just a fire iron resting by the
fireplace but where's your sense of
wonder
man
okay okay hello Mis
Luby
rby my mom tells me I'm a big girl but
she doesn't know that I can't say ear or
like sometimes I can but then
oh
kids
bye doesn't matter cuz I can't see lamby
tequila
sunset can't really remember seeing any
women after losing my keys it's a touchy
topic he hasn't got laid in ages
electrochemistry thank you he really has
no idea who this Ruby is s
behind
corner there's no waking him from his
stuper the legend returns you know the
dance smokable smokes pissible pillner
drink it then convert it to piss and
there's
down
rock so we
are doing something
but what
precisely hello again
no just no it's pretty desolate here I
only hear the dogs bark at night and see
the Shadows move down the coast
teenagers skulling around gang members
looking for a hole in the Union's
defenses maybe Ruby too but she wouldn't
be able to tell from
here exactly it's our chance to turn the
Grim desolation into an overwhelming
Leaf Bund dance
party
uhuh return that for
an old door worn by elements
there's nothing else to do with the
traps that sounds like a year
problem is there something here that
would indicate a sniper used this place
as a nest for taking the shot just some
Urban detroiters a bottle and a
dilapidated old con Tower in the
distance you can can hear the breakers
roar I don't see it Lieutenant W frto I
don't see a person take a shot here and
hit something there in the worlding in
R it's not possible to climb that ladder
and even if it were why there's no
platform up there to aim for it does
look extremely rickety and would help
much either those a smoking asant who
favors T to asra or Jan cigarette buts
are everywhere this is a common brand
for old man tii was a rolian colony on
the suar Ren's population was mostly
Ilan arapid ites up to
97% the region was known for its tobacco
export hence the name nothing is
unimportant Detective
to warm his hands before pulling the
trigger perhaps but anyone could have
made this the coast ISC with fir this
time of year truthfully this seems like
a very poor choice to take a 1.2 km
rifle shot from visibility is awful
there's water vapor everywhere I think
we can rule out B Prime was it there 1.2
km over the cold water of the bay
through a thick snow storm melting flake
by flake in the waves you see the
smallest rectangle barely visible a
glowing light on a third floor of the
whirling in rags with binoculars you
would see a young woman's shape move
behind the glass her limbs long and
slender smoking drinking being happy and
elated without you because you're here
freezing in the wind aren't you doing
your
detective
work for
we're entering the poop jacket space
once
more the metal payone under a yellow
plastic Dome there's a bitter costic
taste on the
stop messing with the coin viewer
white man isn't this a fine
morning no I'm afraid I can't help you
with this one officer it's it's just a
regular day off for me and Mikel here
you've been steering at this wall for 3
Days sir so you haven't seen anyone
around no I'm sorry as I said this is
just a day off we just arrived anyway
there's something friendly and familiar
in how he says that a day off he's
telling the truth he hasn't seen
anyone you see a slogan used above the
mural a collapsed roof broken windows
set in walls that are cracking
and will soon also fall and the coastal
Breeze rustling and sighing in the
remains of the edifice Fel electrical
how ironic all these dark rooms Fel
electrical you only know them as a small
company that makes ink cartridges looks
like they used to be big there's
something in the
wind sometimes the only way to go
forward is to fail
first and there she could or she could
be in the identical Rune over there or
in that Boat Shack in that church Tower
maybe why single out this one
building indeed somehow you knew it was
there an Urban ruin gutted by lutters
that once used to consume money and
dispense warmth and light you felt it
before when it rained in Martina and you
felt the cold of the rain the feeling
persists it has been been in you ever
since the once bright mural even though
you're sure you succeeded all is quiet
there is no cold hand brushing against
your forehead no rustle in the reads the
wind has died down the ruin in front of
you is silent as a tomb trying to talk
to the wind the city whatever you
thought would happen did not and now
you're just standing there in the the
pale of the morning with your hands
Fallen to your side is trying to talk to
the city something you've done before is
it in your secret repertoire a trick for
when you're out of ideas how do we I was
really hoping she'd be in the
village okay she's probably north of the
village and this place is a peninsula we
already scan most of the odor areas on
our wild cped Hunt so we have an
understanding of the geography at least
and then there's a church we've already
searched that and can rule it out I know
it doesn't feel like progress but
exclusion is a step too anyway we do it
the oldfashioned way sector by sector go
over the whole Peninsula ask the locals
enter the places where we can enter
first then if we desperate we can look
where we can't enter Bankers Tom drenage
this place I'm sure it won't come to
that walk the coast the old Boardwalk
the reads you can always come back here
and talk to the wind again look where it
already got you an adventure awaits an
adventure on the Windswept Urban
Coast suddenly there's a sigh carried on
the molecules around you moving flowing
from high pressure to low pressure like
that of a woman emptying her lungs she
wraps the collapsing Stone box in front
of you in her breath flowing through it
in through the collapsed roof flowing
down a concrete staircase to the
basement sweeping away footprints in the
dust on the stairs and then the beach
below the boardwalk its winding tunnels
a whisper away she's down
there okay
why right how do we get in there the
doors were on the collapsed side of this
building they're gone basically finally
my time to
shine perhaps you can clim them we are
not climbing anything I'm 43 years old
and I plan to leave to C70 there has to
be a way to use brute force climbing
sounds unsafe brute force is safe look
around and find something to break if
the ladder fail
and old pipe Peaks out from beneath the
rotten Boards of the boardwalk could
this be an alternative path into the Fel
building building like this must have
multiple doors serving various functions
perhaps a basement axis your eyes slowly
begin to adjust to the darkness inside
the drainage pipe the lieutenant looks
over your shoulder
given that this isn't a martial arts
Thriller it's highly unlikely and not
without risk to our health either
however the pipe suggests there may be
an entrance to the basement around he
means the pipe must be coming from
somewhere in the building and it's right
here a maintenance
door a thin layer of snow gleams inside
the pipe as your eyes adjust you see
some trash crumpled up newspapers
cigarette butts someone has
half-heartedly spray painted skulls on
the right side and and nothing broken
glass from bottles thrown against the
walls of the pipe a
syringe behind the pipe the metal doors
are heavy and the flaking rust hurts
your palms but together with the
lieutenant you managed to to slide them
open just enough to squeeze in good work
shall
we I'm getting all these very first try
aren't
I crawling with something who
this isn't just glass these are old
computation components yes filament
memories from the time when wires were
casting glass slides with an inlaid
nervous
system so it is I think is used to form
a single system sloted in the
wall the how was a closely guarded
secret something that was locked in
safes and human heads across the river
where they were manufactured as to why
your fingers don't know the why is easy
because because they hadn't come up with
modern silicon based systems yet for
vitous cast filament memories though
these seem incredibly Advanced the rest
of the building seems to have been
picked clean these no these are old
filament memories I hope you're not
expecting to find the device here you
will be disappointed
ow a Mustachio and mutton chopped man
amateurishly depicted gazes at you with
sad eyes the plaque reads K mazov there
is a spider web in the lower left corner
of the portrait years worth of dust is
shaken off the full head of hair matched
by an ample mustache and sideburns look
a bit
silly someone crouches heels digging
into wet sand hands sweep across the
sand grain stick Into The Frayed skin of
the fingertips an old man sits on a slab
of concrete and Taps his fingers against
the glass of a scope you
shutter yes I can see that looks like
some Communists were hiding out here
they left a long time ago the lieutenant
does not seem to share your
enthusiasm millions of depictions of
mazov have been produced they're not all
connected besides that looked like some
student the youths always go for this
kind of
stuff we have found a lot of those
lately I guess what most people think of
as history tends to linger in random
neighborhoods
Martinez being what it is no one has
gone through the trouble of cleaning out
the old bunkers good hiding place for
someone who's up to no good I won't
stand in your way but only after we're
through with this case half a century
this was probably part of the network of
Defense posts the commers built against
the amphibious Landing I think the
purpose of this bunker was to produce
propaganda it would have had radio
equipment by then but that's all been
noted you mean like Ruby no I think
we've stumbled on a piece of
History could this have been the
Killer's Hideout and this narrow window
the point of origin of the shot that
killed the mercenary outside the window
desolation snow falls softly onto the
coastal sand where it melts almost we
just ask him this on rooftops it Ling
it's a great place to hide and mavenism
and murder are certainly not maturely
exclusive but there hasn't been anyone
here in ages indeed no one could get a
clear view well at least we've been
thorough I like thorough in fact I think
we're done with this Banker after you
officer
all right I got my communist tap
is there really nothing here
really this is rather surprising
okay oh that was something
a row of ghostly Shades facing the
crumbling wall with another seven Shades
a cold sea behind this building the
other one once filled with engineers and
designers of Fel electric now collapsed
and dead but for some rats
you feel drawn for some reason to The
Faded shiv sh shivel
Shivers why am I drawn to that building
again it was
empty well there's this
one there's no way the perk is in here
officer look how scarved the boards are
all attempts to pry them off sh
failed not this time the opposition is
insurmountable but I like the spirit
have some points it's lonely and cold
without points the suspect God I hope
not I can't see a way in though many
have
tried so it wants me to go back to that
other building Shivers want to I should
say
okay I'm
going maybe I missed
something oh wait I forgot to go in here
one of the souls means appears more worn
than the other
oh I really did miss the main part of
this the buzzing
sound you feel something like a swarm of
hornets buzzing under your scalp a
strange tingling you can almost smell no
what do you
mean I don't feel it but we should still
be careful there were Footprints back
there and I'm pretty sure they were
fresh looks like our suspect if she's in
here we need to plan our next step
carefully once we detain a credible
suspect who knows what the union and the
wild Pines will do we'll set in motion
events we have no control over you will
upset the balance of power in martines
the deadlock between the company and the
union will
destabilize Keep Calm go over the whole
situation in
detail a lot of stuff closes off when
you go ahead here
uh yes there won't be time for that once
things go down matter of fact I don't
think there's time for it now
but you mean Morel I don't see how
crypto zology and the murder
investigation are connected but the
situation in the city will get t for
everyone if it gets that turns the amate
zoologists might not be able to do their
job you're right however corre rap Tim
nothing happens in Martinez without him
knowing we might have to dirty our hands
but in this case we can't afford to be
squeaky clean well we are not
responsible for what we can't predict
are we I don't think the entire city
will be raised to the ground if you
can't predict it there's nothing you
could have done I think I see a CERN
maybe more sellers I think we've been
careful enough we still have the element
of surprise I wouldn't be so sure
you haven't exactly been sneaking or
maybe not either way once we gooder
there will be no turning
back I'm sure I can still do
that I kind of don't care about the
insects that's a future thing probably
that's a future thing
probably I don't know about this one
I think I don't mind everything getting
locked out the one thing I'm just like
con confused about is is the nightclub
thing going to be like is that going to
be wrapped up as soon as I start doing
this or
yeah will the will the nightclub stuff
be locked
out it will be locked out
okay um
I might go see if I can do that first
cuz that's the one thing that's
like seems the
most
crucially uncompleted to me
I think that's just a matter of going
over to the
church this is not the
church cuz everything else is like
static object stuff
yes what is
it what she has not seen her sire is
[Music]
true I don't want to make anything
work yes anything I don't want to make
anything work it's not the anodic dance
music that's made her better it's the
failure of Fortress accident that's
right if we couldn't get our welkins to
happen
I don't want anything to happen ever
again there's not a trace of irony in
her voice she means
it easy when her research is done she
can move
out what no I don't really need any help
with the
project she thinks about it a glossy
look in her eyes a gust of wind brings
more snow in from the broken gallery
touches her hair all right bring me the
game's offside copy from my old
workspace if you really want to help
it's stored on a filament memory and I'm
unable to go and fetch it
myself no that's the production schedule
you stolen access without authorization
I don't need it in his defense it was
simply laying in the desk drawer of an
abundant cubicle okay but
still it's a backup of my former
employer Pro project the radio game we
were working on it's stored on a
filament memory just like the one inside
this radio computer she's making it
extra simple for you the backup itself
is destroyed now but I'm hoping to use
what's left of it to pinpoint the exact
location of the anomaly you just have to
go to my old workspace and get the
filament hold on if it's called an
offsite copy then why is it still on
site oh God not this again
it is not onsite it is in the basement
perfectly safe and not connected to the
front at all basement sounds like it's
technically still on it's fine and no
taking it outside the building wouldn't
have protected it from the data loss
there's nothing wrong with keeping the
backup in the basement what happened was
a freak accident that has nothing to do
with how the backup was stored we clear
this is clearly a painful topic for her
she must have had to explain herself
numerous times yeah that's the one you
can get in through the Bookshop you just
have to do some explaining to the
bookstore
lady that's her name I
believe good then you might know the
giant ice bear fridge in the building
Cellar the filament is inside the fridge
just go and get it in the giant ice bear
fridge I just told you it has red
glowing eyes it's impossible to miss you
just need to get the offside copy from
the ice bear but you've been to the
fridge and it wasn't there there was a
note
saying wait a note from whom did it
specify where they took the filament
memory jiza of course our project lead
suis
jiza God he was always so hellbent on
keeping the copy somewhere safe and
feature creep on the Valley of the heads
like it would have made a difference the
offside copy was perfectly safe when the
data loss happened that data was
anomalous and the
heads I won't even get into the heads
millions of
them go find that copy from that ice
cream maker will you thanks Valley of a
thousand heads you like the sound of
that this is getting ridiculous can't
you just defrosted or I don't know oh I
don't know about the ice cream maker
just figure something out there's a
solution but she doesn't want to hand it
over to you yet it's a thing something
she holds dear the bookstore lady hates
me says I'm part of the curse whatever
that means because she's from martines
and people from martines have never ever
seen a radio computer she thinks it
emits Elemental Evil
she literally started praying for the
higher Powers when she first saw my rain
Civic I'm not making this up the
lieutenant coughs like he's amused once
I came in one morning only to find that
my terminal was full of those strange
Trinkets and amulets
Wards it looked like some semine magic
thanks and here's my fon multitud you
might need it to hack lose some ice it
opens everything if you get me the
offside copy then you can keep the CLE
it hurts a bit for her to say this she's
not too happy to be Parton with the
caval
sun okay well that's the thing I was
going to be looking for is a a better
crowbar I mean pry bar
halflife yay
[Music]
it's inside thex this orange machine is
dead still it has a hand cranked ice
cream churner it's not electric freezer
the ice around it slowly
melting ice groans and howls under the
strain of your giant cavalon multitude
until the lid cracks open Darkness lies
inside but you can faintly make out an
object intricate and foreign left there
for a Subzero beauty sleep a filament
memory with the words off-site copy
disappointment washes over you as you
stare into to The Almost Empty ice cream
maker a scoop of ice cream would have
been nice yes you gently lift the cube
from its Frosty bedding careful not to
damage it we should take it back to miss
Lucan and Kilda as soon as possible I'm
not sure how well unused filaments
tolerate room temperatures yes but
aren't you curious to know what's on the
precious filament there's a radio
computer
upstairs hum hum um I am quite curious
actually tiles on the cube are still
like a smooth drawer the the speaker
comes to life static seeps through the
machine's PL a magnetic driver good
morning this is East inan repat station
uh please repeat is this the offside
copy good please no that's not it maybe
it's the second part of the light Motif
good I've unlocked the offside copy
after ending the call please press print
to access the
pmo foress ACD is there anything else I
can do for you today thank you and
goodbye tiles on the cube are still
smoldering it sounds like something
cracks before the piece of paper starts
filling up with pure black ink
something's broken machines aren't
supposed to behave like this
uh-oh tiles on the the paper is soaked
with ink its monochrome Darkness
spanning from margin to margin it's not
possible to make out any information OD
something is obviously broken here
a single Speck of white shines out from
the shade for some reason the printer
decided to spare this one tiny dot of
paper looks like gibberish better get
running again tiles on the cube are
still smoldering casting the framework
the filament slid
out
okay
okay Yahoo
I'll show you the filament Uncle
filament uh ponies is coming
on why Jeffrey do you like ponies
this was a rather
fast quest to achieve I think yes what
is it yes
thanks looks like it's the
one now I'm going to print it out to see
what's left of
it I have a theory lindel was able to
Divine the location of the anomaly from
this broken copy I want to repeat their
calculation only this time with better
equipment watch what an intricate
display of failure the paper starts
filling out with ink soaking it in a
gleaming Blackness oh I see not a single
line of d data stands out this is wrong
machines shouldn't behave like that
interfacing it's
okay SAA doesn't reply her hands running
over the print out she's looking for
something for her Morning Star eyes
scouring the millimeters here I found
it hold on
just give me a second I'm almost I've
never witnessed a program of work before
done I've got it I found the location of
the
anomaly I found the coordinate she's
beaming you can feel it in your heart
great job thank
you there in the
swallow think you can help me again I
need you to go move those water Bol for
me I need to double check my calculation
you like moving things around moving
things around is calming just walk over
to the circle and follow my instructions
move the third bow 2 cm to the left and
the fourth Bowl 5 cm to the right this
should do the trick
thanks it's awfully silent again again
as if someone turned off the entire
world outside those walls water inside
the bowls stands still measurements have
been marked down around the bowls each
chalk drawn line representing a
centimeter on the floor oh boy this is
going to be
good it moves like a ghost without
creating a single trace of sound some
water spills out of the bowl wetting the
floor the lead programmer sends you an
encourage origin thumbs up from across
the hall time to run back or maybe walk
this is a sacred place after
all I will run yes what is it great
everything should be aligned now miss
Noor is
hesitating yeah nothing now the only
thing left to do is to unmute the
headphones if we got the location right
we should then be able to hear whatever
sound this anomaly
makes honestly honestly I'm a little
scared I don't know that's what I'm
scared of I don't know it could be
anything I mean what sound does the
nothing make how can you even listen to
something that doesn't
exist what if silence is only what
surrounds it but the swallow itself is
maybe maybe I'm just
tired yeah you're right let's do it the
lieutenant takes a step back and then
nothing nothing happens as Sona Logan
and kilder presses uned on her keyboard
nothing but silence you can hear some
small animal cross the floor in the
chancel it's that quiet in the century
she doesn't talk her eyes closed and
brows knitted together in a state of
deep focus one hand cupping the
headphone damn
it no of course not nothing happened
let's move on despite her fear she was
hoping for something extraordinary to
take place no no my hypothesis was wrong
according to this I should have heard
something if I got the coordinates right
like I said silence is only what
surrounds it but this this is just
another failure silence sounds like
silence that's all it is you can try on
the headphones see if you can hear
anything but don't get your hopes up
this can't be it you should have a
listen yes what is it all you he is your
own
breathing but there's something else
there has to be something big something
unexpected something new yet to be
discovered when was the last time this
world had anything new to say well did
you hear
anything I want to succeed in this one
I'm so curious yes what is it everything
disappears you are Dred in silence like
a Dr Browning man steering into his puny
little head space and then the pressure
changes it feels like flying on an
aerostatic or when your ears pop or like
a subtle difference in the atmosphere a
weather change hanging in the air what
if the sound you're looking for is too
low for you to hear
it a better sound system all right but
where would we get one perhaps the
ravers suddenly AR rithmic be permeates
the walls causing a small patch of
decorative Stucker to crumble onto the
wooden floor they should really allocate
some renovation Farms to this place no
what they really should do is shut down
the Disco men for disturbing
neighborhood peace you mean the speed
freaks of course the speed freaks they
have a fantastic sound system and you
think they would help
me I guess I could live through a week
or two of peaceful coexistence sure let
me know how it goes thanks
officer well
Dam
Daniel more fetch quests more fetch
quests more fetch
quests we love it
I think I talked to the people inside
the tar
but hello again
okay hi again so uh A's
going yes what's the
deal we are grateful Cotman you're an
augy of a new era of a noic dance music
that's fine we can manage and you
haven't changed your mind about our
little side business have you all right
it's going to take us a bit to move our
stuff inside a couple of hours maybe
come check back later let's get
moving I might have to pass time
y we'll see
yeah it's all set up man can you already
imagine a thousand people in here
10,000 ecstatic vibrations totally
Transcendent and I've finished setting
up the new compressor too now the only
thing left to do is a name with a club
will you do the honors Detective
how about something simple like the club
too modern and too ironic we don't want
ironic we want real real and true and
beautiful like a morning after the Rave
I wouldn't I wouldn't build a club and I
wouldn't name it either an underground
Place With No Name sounds like something
the crab M would say we're not going
done with anything the crab man would
say why not the crabman has ideas Asel
ideas from another level of
Consciousness I don't care I don't like
the crab man and I don't like his ideas
his ideas are spooky next
please I don't good we have too many
opinions
anyway y y the place to
be yoar the zone of ecological
catastrophe that's too morbid got
anything else akad really just said we
should name the club 911
hardore hardore to Zer no it has to be
bigger than hardcore yes it has to be
even bigger than hardcore to the mega it
has to be bigger than the scene the
Amnesia like the I can't remember the
name of the club Amnesia Amnesia it's
not Amnesia
guys the name everything I managed to
come up with sounds just wrong Andre is
overthinking it yes you should do it
detective it would be good for the signs
no's right you've helped us so much it's
the right thing to do you have well
what's the
name like that DeLorean word for the
world you mean elesium but Disco iium
isn't it wacky disco's kind of gone
isn't it forgotten the past is the
future but the future is dead no it's
beautiful beautiful and brave like we
want it to be name drop yeah and short
and memorable it's settled then everyone
welcome to disco
elesium Andre breaks into frenzy danike
motion to celebrate the name someone
turns up the beat
oh
that's okay I'm
dancing that soft core gyrating is
supposed to be
dancing yes my man
talk what is there to talk about if you
can express yourself with move Audio
Waves thump against your rib cage the
speaker setup makes everything sound
much better but there's a noticeable
lack of something it's to express my
individuality is that a BAL spot it's
hard to tell for sure with the fuse
together spikes but it looks like he's
Bolding maybe it was a bad idea
anyway goodbye
officer okay
wait for
oh wait that gives that gives a less to
it oh Harry put something on
please I remember what I was wearing
before B
I don't even remember what he had on
before
now it might have just been
is
okay oh hey man it's good to see
you just because of the part placement
of
the just because of the placement of
this Quest I might scum this one on
purpose you close your eyes and dream of
the shapes your
body oh hey man it's good to see you you
close your eyes andate your skull
leaving your brain to wonder where did
that little fluttering like go so that
other check that I had better score
for could never get it this one second
try makes sense total
darkness you thinkink down the darkest
fathoms of your own personal deep
vertebrate by
vertebrate through the unformed scars of
your
mind no spine here it will
begin who [__] cares
good you should be oh don't
worry the music still there it's you who
is gone nothing just the immaculate
Silence of your spinal
fluid
electrified I'm going to let you in on a
little secret every vertebrate in your
spine has an unformed skull ready to pop
up and replace the old one like shark
teeth the one you're currently in has a
little brain forming in it waiting for
its turn to roll the
world I am the spinal
cord from what I can see it's about to
Bast a move
full hearty do you even know what's
happening on the surface maybe a
thousand years have passed or maybe you
started passing out like two seconds ago
with your eyes still closed the first
thing you feel all the way back in the
pivoting darkness of your own torso is
warmth you have become a Triumph of
rhythmo plastics somewhere in a smelly
wooden Church on the coast of Reva the
wounds from the war you waged on your
body are healing Twist by twist turn by
turn you have become a Flawless
interlocking mechanism a flesh and Bone
approximation of the throb coming from
the the flashlight of the one called egg
heads rigidly IM basilic Without Pity or
yeah oh it's
amazing oh it's
wonderful wait I can still move the
flashlight what does the TN think of
this oh my
God no
way with is real toore mixer blastin the
anthem of a future that will never come
the young man observes your moves for a
second he throws a screwdriver and a
bunch of drill Chucks into the corner
and explodes into dance what he lacks in
sharpness he more than makes up for in
violent
enthusiasm what's going on here
delinquent this is clearly a code 31
emergency the lieutenant squeezes the
bridge of his nurse the light reflects
off his glasses giving him the
appearance of a surgeon in the middle of
a tense procedure he's having trouble
adjusting to the new reality before him
what's
happening good for you rock on then
what who's the one in charge yes you are
yes
yes yes it's glorious are you kidding
me get my what
on sheesh
okay okay your psychopath I see what
you're doing there it's jacked up
footwork plus some is that Ubie folk
dancing n it's not ubif folk it's
hardcore yeah
whatever oh yeah I did 15 years in the
juvenile crime units I can do age
inappropriate now check this seit out
the lieutenant begin to the church floor
with such intensity it's reasonable to
fear he'll Kick a Hole right through it
causes FL and the fs to collapse bring
the church roof down on all of
you what's happening what's
happening what's
happening oh it's oh it's oh it's this
is better this is better than the Mona
Lisa this is more important than
everything else this is so important
this is really
good it doesn't look like he'd give a
[__]
either oh my God we can do
this the young woman lifts her
Headphones Up slightly and raises her
chin looking at you expect I I can't
believe I almost missed this part of the
game ail aren't you going to dance no
recording the lead programmer throws the
other young woman a knowing glance
before turning her attention like they
get each other she's still at her main
frame pressing buttons reading print
outs but she started but the head alone
to the music the young man immediately
bounces up and down then assumes the
same dance pattern embellishing it with
some sort of waving motion this is
insane this is insane with the [__]
flashlight I can't even unequip it it
won't let me I can access every other
menu but the way to unequip the
flashlight
this is
amazing this is so important the dynamic
motion of your flailing body is
bordering on the extreme you're going
off the charts you feel as if turning on
the hyperdrive would be a point of no
return feels almost
Melancholy are you sure you have the
entire py along for this here we go
again hardcore fills the air the sound
above my head what now the sound above
your what above my hair man okay this is
too imbe excuse
me on the coast of the martine's inlet
in a small weather beaten Stave church
built 380 Years Ago by settlers from the
accident most likely to guard against an
anomaly at its Center an officer of the
RCM is contorting his body into
idiotically rigid shapes as he invents
the future of dance music music it's the
hardest anyone has ever danced I
am I am the
city I am a fragment of the world Spirit
The Genius Loi of
rivel my heart is the wind Corridor the
bottom of my air is red I have 100,000
luminous arms come morning I carry
industrial dust then let it settle on
tree leaves I Shake the Dust from those
leaves and onto your coat I've seen you
I've seen you I've seen you with
her and I've seen you without her I've
seen you on the C of the Hill the
modulations of my voice are noted down
with thermometers and
parameters you feel me in your nostrils
on the little hairs on the back of your
neck I also reside in your lungs and
vestigal
organs
everywhere there is space you are an
officer of the citizens militia J
in when you wear your coat you wear my
soul you move through my streets freely
in motor carriages and on foot you have
access to the hidden places
you also circulate among those who are
hidden I need you you can keep me on
this
Earth
be I love you an officer of the RCM is
lying on the floor of a small church
with his eyes rolled back and his tongue
lulling Andre is still going out several
others are standing around him he slowly
comes too had a good rest
there [__] yeah I bet you did those were
some advanced moves man that's all great
but we should really get going we spent
enough time doing arobic exercise for
today this was such a good this was such
a good segment maybe one of the
best you might be imagining it but it
feels like Egghead turned the volume
down such is his respect man now now man
now now imagine if we could do do that
right but with like a thousand people
end of human development mission
complete all right you're absolutely
beat muscles relaxed and feet like
noodles underneath goodbye
officer these are some wonderfully
regular pants not too tight not too
loose moderate in every sense you blend
right in at some pleasant dinner party
mhm I know you do these Inari pants are
like wearing a perfect compromise in
your nether regions no one will call the
moral intern on you like this that's for
sure you're a little more moralist now
buddy a little more no I don't want to
be a Centrist even if you didn't want to
be no take me back makes sense this is
what wear in boring office trouses does
to
you Aces love
for the rest of the world the aces low
is just some cool R jally neutral in
rers it still holds revolutionary
connotations also have you looked at
Lieutenant kitsuragi clothes he wears a
bomber jacket just like the ones worn by
aerostatic brigades and those cargo
pants look like they could fit tools for
hot fixing your burning aerostatic you
should ask him about
this
yes what about me what this it's just
seasonal clothing where is this going
interesting I think it's called the
brain it's no mere
brain
anyway I do not have a thing with
revolutionary air brigades in particular
okay I wanted to become an aerostatic
pilot then I turned 10 and realize we no
longer have an Air
Force absolutely nothing
the Revolutionary must have added a
little luster to it for a 10-year-old
kitsuragi he will never admit it though
okay I admit to it the revolution
employed a more forward-looking H rotor
design their blades were foldable and
their pilots were better trained and
motivated I see this from a purely
tactical standpoint of course it is not
from a purely tactical standpoint we are
not ruling out that the lieutenant had a
little Rebel phase in that past of his
good good
let all
right she's whistling a Melody her
trusty contact mic attached to a wooden
Pulpit at the sound of your footsteps
she stops what she was doing and turns
to you why does that Trill sound
familiar hey there I've been recording
some new audio from all these beams and
rafters The Sounds traveling through the
wood are pretty cool
creeks and stuff like you're underwater
you know but like underwater inside a
tree and no it's got nothing to do with
contact
MK no no I actually wanted to thank you
for getting me and my friends in here
and we even found some new Associates
such as they are good I think no is
getting a read on the place I think you
find finds the carpentry very impressive
Andre's been setting up the compressor
and dancing egad's been keeping the
party up he's got the stage under
control SAA the programmer she's doing
whatever she does behind that radio
computer of USS she doesn't talked to us
much and the crab man hasn't shown
himself thank God sure you helped us out
I can repay the favor what do you want
to know oh she's a bit odd I have to say
doesn't talk much I'm not really sure
how to Vibe with her you know seems like
she's not in a very good mood most of
the time but earlier today she told me
about
welkins and she seemed oddly happy like
she had some idea with those little
creatures some artistic idea I didn't
really listen I was busy with my mic oh
the crabman still gives me the creeps
the way he moves but he doesn't actually
come down that much just climbs around
the rafters I just tried to stay away
from the crab man but he talks to Noy
they seem to have some thing going on
what beats me no said they get along
somehow they're both crazy enough I
guess who knows he doesn't really answer
our questions see not that it's easy to
ask them what are we supposed to do yell
up at the tower who do you want to know
about Andre he's a cool guy doesn't
really come off as one but he is to me
at least she rubs her side
but not from cold her shoulders are
relaxed she must have taken a hit or
she's on an upswing he takes care of
[__] sorry I mean he's got a vision what
life should be you know he tries to push
things until everything falls into place
he's an
organizer nothing but then again there's
nothing to organize around here either
he really wants this church thing to
work must have taken it as a sign when
he found it abandoned like that said it
was an ay I don't know where he got that
from Andre is not super intelligent I've
never seen him so psyched about anything
though and he's often
psyched looks sort of desperate like
it's his last chance or something or
maybe he was just High I mean not that
he does drugs just hi you
know yeah drugs [__] [__] we don't
care uh yes anyway
come to think of it
yes he's in some kind of a
self-destruction mode with that hair of
his bleaching it like that probably
wants to get rid of it all together
yes who do you want to know about he's a
for Burger I guess like the rest of us
okay him but no and the rest are from
forberg making the pilgrimage up north
to visit the palum he's real hardcore
about the
lifestyle what do you mean do like for a
Livin he's a carpenter trained and all
he's very good he just doesn't have the
mindset to work like that in a shop
somewhere he abides by the hardcore sir
you would have to ask him
yourself sir I abide by the
law it's just something poor forberg
kids do every spring to pass the time we
walk the entire length of Boogie Street
up to Jamrock or as much as possible
I don't know man have you been down
Boogie Street it's a little
bewildering okay then you should go and
take a look I guess Boogie street is
cool it's got a lot of immigrants and
all kinds of different
people
yeah who do you want to know about what
do you mean
oh that he's the party
boy a noic music doesn't really do
vocals in the traditional sense vocals
are thought of as rock that's to say
they're a bit backward no offense if you
like rock music though rock music is
called by me but youu swish your
credentials as the resident future man
of Revel are being questioned show her
your hip with the times GMS
oh okay anyway even if you don't have
vocals you still need someone to say
something every now and then right to
urge things on that's where the party
Boy comes in he basically just stands on
the stage and dances and yells how
awesome everything is it's very catchy I
understand people are usually afraid to
do things if others aren't already doing
them dancing makes you dance like
sneezing makes you sneeze or Ying makes
you uh any
anyway yes I suppose we did T it to
Pieces oh c what do you want to
know actually we don't know where he's
from or who he is really one time we
were out partying somewhere in Backwater
forberg or maybe even Cole City I can't
remember maybe it was Co City the worst
of the
dlur a wretched heap of closed down
mines even west of jamro on the dusty
slope of Mont mat the remotest possible
area of revera no one even wants to
exploit those people anymore egg was
yelling along to some Jam someone was
spinning all night long just kept
yelling until he didn't have a shred of
voice left when the sun came up over the
mines there were mines yeah it was in
Cole
City EDG came with us he made this
weezing puppy dog sound all the way back
couldn't even speak it was definitely
cold City cuz it took us 2 days to walk
back to the four he just wheezed the
whole way we never really asked why he
came with us or who he was I think his
name is Jermaine people are sweet you
can see it must have been a great night
the memory causes her to go silent for a
moment or two who do you want to know
about me
again I told you I'm a silver bird
there's that phrase again really reminds
you of something it means I don't answer
questions about myself thank you
sure the silver I can do it I'm the
smartest cookie in the
universe no remember the cookie remember
H op pasaro de thank you it fluts by
your ear it's what the Zeo Yaki the
gradian community in rivers showw call a
person who never breaks under
interrogation it's an organized crime
term excuse me she's attempted to remain
calm but the phrase made her Flinch what
do you mean all right my father was a
Zaki he died years ago he was a bad man
not a lot of good things to say about
him and what he did he bought the family
a huge house so we got to live at least
temporarily in a giant castle in Jamrock
and then he
died what do you think the competition
came and took everything away it was
like in a war zone so after his death we
had nothing left and we were in danger
my mother had to change her name mine
too we left it all behind it was a
stupid idea and I'm still disappointed I
came up with it aren't there any local
authorities who might look down on such
activities I took that into account of
course coordinated the operation with
the
deers else they might get unhappy not in
person but I'll let them know you can't
do anything without the fat ones getting
wind it wasn't too difficult to convince
them really it's a good thing you ended
that mess though I felt I was turning
dad wise into a corrupt business person
unpleasant come on this is all fine but
you don't have anything on everard now
that's not how these things
work do it's for the
best you got us in cop I can't believe
you got us in with Wonder in his sharp
eyes between you and me I don't know if
you've noticed this about me I'm a
little suspicious of authority but you
you really came through for the hardcore
underground yes you really came through
for the hardcore underground how
come the wouldbe leader is cut in some
futuristic shapes on the floor sweating
profusely a cell using her contact mic
to listen to a tree underwater a cell is
the coolest ever the one with the large
head is blasting the dance track on
repeat while the stained glass window
behind him is rattling from the base s
the tent it was a security risk and in
here sanctury it was only Noble of
you
okay it's a miracle of carpentry their
bodies carved into total shapes now
could be something
more I don't say much anything as a
carpenter anymore
they tried to make me into a reckoner
and a leveler made me a bit manic you
know I regret the time I dedicated to
that profession and that worker
Collective I say things more as a member
of the hardcore Side Dance Community
these
days the material knowledge is Mega
though Guild [__] teaches Independence
that's right the first settlers built it
plus six more like it on the coast here
was one of the first things they did
must have been really scared of
something but I understand alone on an
uninhabited archipeligo fols to face
themselves and nature pre-industrial
quantities of solitude the sea perhaps
something more fundamental I would want
to build a safe place for myself and my
own as well a cop who's into building
critique okay then this is folk DeLorean
ISM Lord mangera it's a subset of early
DeLorean
architecture hard of
core heart of core total everything
between an ancient concrete Cathedral
and a glass cube is DeLorean ISM this is
just an hpan version of it folksy stuff
early mess production they made
thousands like this does that help you
out like that woman there vertical thin
white a false image of grandeur the S of
the system is up there you're at the
bottom they really dug that power
vertical like to show off large and
intricate structures arches spires put
you down with them they were really
intoed pain and everything white too
virginal [__] you know married [__]
virtue and tyranny stands to reason it
used to be white on the outside
before the sea wind took all the paint
off year after year flake after flake
white washed clean then covered in green
moss slowly peeled by the wind your skin
crawls from the sensation as you look
around dead bodies of perennial
plants Sig Sigma function left this
place it's a good thing we came along
the spiritual collapse has been total I
saw some piglets sucking in their dead
mother have you heard this one cop man
after a short while they shuddered and
went away they had sens that she could
no longer see them and that she wasn't
like him anymore what they loved in
their mother weren't her body but
whatever it was that made her body live
end of quote this is an high quality
carcass the power of a noic beats and
hard bases needed to reanimate it a s
man who lived a long time ago an ancient
hardcore
brother a free faren year old tyrannical
regime of History built and maintain by
hundreds of generations a
self-appointed intellectual it's false
Cod it's false cor the way he says it
the false in false core is invested with
20 kilotons of
disgust an AIC don't music regular dance
music wasn't OD enough and yes I do you
know what this kind of stuff goes well
with your pleasure response was more
like just wondering if he has any
electrochemistry you need to always calm
it down I don't [__] giving me the
evil
eye I didn't know it was in here we have
to get rid of it dismantle it can't
dance with a giant mass murderer looking
at you not a good look for the
club mellow man mellow no one's a mass
murderer this is a house of love mass
murderer on the
floor egad didn't get the [__] memo
I like this question cop man she did not
live the life of an human she lived like
someone who's playing a game the life of
an operator that's not the life that
humans live she was adored humans aren't
I don't know about you but they hate me
and they do not think I'm innocent or
some [__] like
that I L
s well spoken terab
bomb well they loved her they put all
their love in her and forgot all about
the rest of
us the world Spirit does not everbody it
has organs hardcore is an organ of the
world spirit
this arov van track is an organ the
carpentry and glass cutting that built
this house are also organs she's a thief
if you ask me an organ Thief all
innocences
are there is she is a party repellent
and must be taken down before we can
begin partying in
here the speed freak looks the same way
it is dark there in the back of the
church for a moment the music Echoes
strangely humanism leads to eating sugar
and pigs humanism was invented to mass
produce billions of humans billions of
humans can mes produce hundreds of
billions of pigs and many many more tons
of sugar she like games good job logic
you figured it out the thing we living
isn't real life it's a strategy for some
kind of Victory against a long dead
opponent but yo I'm only annoyed what do
I
know really did need 10 Logic for that
one what a strange choice of
words costic overflowing with negativity
that can't be healthy what's happening
here why do you keep coming back to this
window well you shouldn't
you shouldn't come back to this anymore
stop talking about it please hard to say
cck man signs in here are distinctly
wild going to take a while before
everything's properly
synced I did get to talk to the crabman
though anyway he's been giving me kind
of a psychic rundown of this place
dude's seen some crazy [__] but he's
actually a lot like
C have you been listening to what egg's
been saying love is Hardcore man and the
mother's love is the hardest core of all
the man picks up on stuff and he knows a
lot about the church I got a lot to
learn from him good thing you didn't
squash him
the crabman's been lurking here for a
while he's experienced things things
that give off bad signs as far as we can
tell the ues built this place about 320
years ago as a
sarcophagus not like a literal
sarcophagus I'm just being
metaphorical encasement confinement of
something they were afraid of something
new unheard of on the
Isela I think that's what the crab man
is experiencing when he climbs around
upstairs like this is some old world
[__] the ues had heard about I thought
the best way to deal with it was to
build a church surrounding it to contain
it I don't know and it's not something
they properly understood either what it
does but it's what this Sona person is
looking for and trying to measure it
will be fruitless though she won't be
able to measure it people like that
always want to measure everything all
those things I really can't the wood
Creeks as a g Blows By outside dust
particles fall through the darkness
settling down on the age bleached
floorboards the structure does not feel
particularly
durable now it's pretty [__] unsand
if you ask me they should should have
built a club for a nodic music around it
instead a nodic music will definitely
contain whatever we're dealing with and
if it can't
well seems to be the trend around here
doesn't it you can't measure [__] like
this it's not like
substance like a concentric ring
spreading out the struggling Villages
and that is what caused the communards
to fa and defending the beach head yeah
a lot of failure has gone down around
here I don't know maybe maybe not it's
not a thing we can answer cop man even I
have limits I'm a limited side
person maybe you can figure things out
cop man I think we got on a good level
here the signs are sinking up well dead
body spirit and
suspicious people are esoteric people we
don't go around spilling everything to
Johnny Law they don't call me noed for
nothing he really is noed it took us
setting out for this whole Enterprise to
get our sign synced it's sh for
paranoid oh yeah definitely Death
Grips it' be easier to list stuff I'm
not suspicious of I'm not suspicious of
sing in color mechanics and chemistry
also have a tress about them most
anything else deceives wants to steal
your life away I don't have a top 10
list of things I'm most suspicious of
but if I had one the Left Right complex
would be number one number two would be
their sole accomplishment the pig wheat
Paradigm something is off here you feel
like it should be the other way around
no politics is an inert complex of daily
corruption and innan think pieces the
real Paradigm is economic and it
concerns Pig and wheat this is where the
Innovation happens it's only a theory I
suspect they're breeding a pig wheat
hybrid probably in gr it's our only
[__] we should make better use of not
being animals or cereal grain are
elves nothing animals are cool guys I
like animals too but that doesn't mean I
have to be one
myself I prefer not to both ask the
wrong questions any spark or light from
either one is accidental their combined
movement's only concern is producing
enough Pig and wheat for everyone the
end goal of humanity the original
mistake was assuming that word wordss
have more being than bodies that's what
led us astray far from our true lives
but we may yet find a way animals are
cool guys whatever this true life is you
feel it's the real centerpiece of this
mythology his eyes
flicker the life is true if it's free
from Fear an internal division among
oneself and others mankind has seeds of
greatness in it germinal will come and
return to tress it will be hard
core beats and bright lights to shatter
falsehoods nerve impulses for the
collective body we are very much alike
in basic structure an hard enough beat
would awaken everyone to a trer cooling
in unity just like that the speed freak
is right in your face his eyes burning
his comrades look on
worriedly the young man is dead serious
about
rejection of the right left axis
emphasis on Unity appreciation of some
primordial mode of being what does that
remind you of
nationalism militarism racism and
emphasis on a leader character are
totally absent in hardcore
where
okay I'm like slightly
confused is he like embracing fascism or
rejecting it
he is rejecting
it
okay okay
understood just Harry's a kind of stupid
understood he picks up a wrench and
scratches his head with it unaroused by
fascism
many non ocidental cultures share a beat
at their art thus they are closer to
true hardore life there's just never
been enough of them and they had to rely
on some extremely basic
percussion utmost dedication thoughts
from the spinal cord it's a potent
superlative as well the term also
signifies certain varieties of
pornography that depict penetration just
so you know thank you encyclopedia Ed
usually has a better concept of the
hardcore he just really likes saying
hardcore
hardore maybe you being too specific
about it try Consulting with your spinal
cord like before when you pulled those
Primal dance moves I'm sure the world
was glad to see him again after all that
time encyclopedia doesn't have anything
to say about
it oh yeah sure
thing yo man what's on your
mind dedicated hyperactive unified you
will have to add something of your own
to understand this list of loosely
formed qualities called hardcore you
need your own entry make it test your
limits
surpass them dance till you drop dance
till you die if you must overwhelm them
with moves try to have the most moves
going
on why does why is option three here
predictable but
solid
okay spun
dead yes what is
it what what I can't hear you the music
is too loud oh the
it's not going well there's that guy I
need him to pluck a 3.5 cable into the
auxiliary input so that I can root the
audio signal through the mixer into the
speakers he doesn't listen to me he only
ever seems to care about hardcore and
yokata a place to be apparently thanks
maybe you can get through his magic
Rhymes let me know how it
goes all right fetch
Quest dinarian Church the place to be
makes the noise my church
people vibrations thump through your
blue Soul the music sounds much better
in the church a hawor tree on rud Desi
Lane Tangled in its branches something
BRS shout out to his family don't don't
say it don't say it you're going to
ruined my thoughts again he stands on
stage behind a table nodding along to
the music and waving his hand in the air
in front of him the audio mixer one reel
spinning the other real deck is empty
cables run hither and tither on one side
you see an auxiliary line in with the
number 4.5 written next to
it even dancing to this beat before you
knew it in your lungs where the pressure
wasn't bursting and in your heart was
alone and in your solar plexes where the
hits should have landed so does every
cordate
animal need more
base
what wow okay we should start with the
melody but where would we get that stuff
from
oh no please become one you'll miss out
on so much good content otherwise it's
like being the greatest C on Earth
you'll miss out on so much good content
other as egad you are not in this game
you're a real person leave me alone
please
please I'll take it but I don't know if
I have time for it the young man falls
silent with appreciation he even tries
to contain his smile as if it could
hinder your investigation basically what
you need to find here is a tape with
some banging music on it so that Egghead
could use it to remix van Eight's Jam
yeah maybe that street talker across the
pawn shop has got some tapes to sell
that's just an idea there is a hawthor
tree on rud the sis Lane right next to
the canal a reel of magnetic tape is
caught in its branches like bronze
ribbons blowing in the wind oh I know I
know this I can tell you where it is St
G is the boulevard before the Canal
Bridge the one that takes you to the
whirling in rags in the industrial
Harbor it's got the lanterns and the I
knew that I could have said that and the
Mosaic sidewalk but it's all blocked
with that stupid traffic jam right now
maybe you should dance again huh that
would be Mega it was Mega the way you
did that anyway that's all yours to
figure out Cotman
cman to a mega yeah I can route it
through auxiliary what kind of a cable
does she use 3.5 or 4.5 oh she uses
3.5 yeah the auxiliary lining is 4.5 mm
these two don't mix oh no we're going to
be in this church forever don't worry I
have an adapter for it right here hang
on this is 4.5 we're all good
people whoa thank God that do noticeably
degrade the sound quality great someone
got through to him okay let's get it all
set up can we turn the music off please
everybody everybody don't panic I'm
going to turn off the aror for just a
sec for a special scheduled event Zano
will be back but we're doing something
else for one moment all right go tell
her that Egghead is ready to Rave to her
tunes and Zen I'll turn off the
music H shout out to Eggheads
family yes what is it okay but think you
can ask him to turn the volume down a
bit just in case
maximum maximum is the only way I know I
know it is but could you please turn it
down just this instance
just this one time maximum is not the
only way okay pump it to the brick pump
it to the hard Master there's no other
way glue style glue style glue style
okay they literally is no other way the
mixing desk is glued to
mexim see he pumped it to the hard
Master it's
hopeless of course it is yeah permanent
Enlightenment Ray of sound never mind
then let's get on with our project I'm
going to unmute the speakers on a count
of five everyone ready Egghead pumps his
hand up in the air waiting for the beat
to drop born ready ready I'm ready a few
two our
detectives the lieutenant nods stoically
not so stoically his hand moves to the
gun
holster
oh 5 4 3 2 1 M
disengaged no wind outside no waves no
floorboards creaking total continuous
silence this is unnatural the woman
looks around in the silence you see dust
move on the floorboards the driver of
the speaker vibrates in the air and then
stops plaster work begins to crumble
down the walls in the silence a low hum
starts creeping up your spine it's a
song inside you not in the speakers not
in the room even Kim's freaking out Bas
sigh in the basement of your mind
slowly it builds until the air around
you starts to vibrate it's out there now
in the
world made manifest it will devour
everything
floorboards the glass the streets and
the people nothing will remain guys
what's going
on it's getting louder in the basins the
water looks like it's boiling
hiana mother of Mega in his mind a tdle
wave approaching from afar swallowing
entire Coast lines on its way salvation
he's peing the worst high he's ever been
on the beauty and the beat the future of
dance planetary no egg it's the window
in the corner of your eye the lieutenant
steps aside cautiously his eyes
searching for a possible evacuation
route the window is going to come down
no the ru cracks appear on the stained
glass window cracks run up the wooden
pillars in the dark come down to earth
love below it all the base grows like
the jaws of a giant compressor Goring on
metal and wood
it does not sound benevolent at all it's
shaking the building's
Foundation the floor twists a great
pulse arises in your flesh that's it I'm
muting
it [__] it doesn't stop a seal have you
yes I've turned it off Andre pull the
compressor the place is going to come
down [__] I can't shut it up the signals
passed it's not in here it's in the in
desk now building into a positive
feedback loop this is it a great Roar
the Vault of the roof twists above you
glass shatters somewhere near the door
it's coming down and then it stops
totally and utterly as if there never
was a sound only your ears still ring
from the shock everybody is staring at
eggh head holding a dangling Cable in
his hand a black three pin connector egg
I pulled the plug it was getting too
hardcore you did good egg most of the
place seems to be intact [__] hell
programmer lady tell me you were
recording that four
years
people millions of
RA all that time this is what we were up
against just erased
it suly w isn't going to believe this
yeah but did you record it though it was
dope I think we can use it yes Andre I
recorded it damn I I need to send some
letters now thank you all for doing this
Eggman you too and you
officer I don't know what we've
discovered but I know what it sounds
like now that's a start
it was mathematical information from the
anomaly presented as a waveform that's
what it was technically
theoretically I have no idea I've never
even heard of anything like this a voice
seems muffled in the silent church it's
your ears adjusted after the exposure it
was very hard not to I think you're
right there is something going on here
and you need to be very careful with it
I promise officer we will not play it
again yes our lead designer and maybe
some of the producers too and some of
the writers if they're sober enough to
open a transmission they need to hear
that it wasn't her fault or theirs they
need to hear about this don't worry I
won't send the recording although I
doubt they have the speakers to boost
the frequency anyway stay here I'm going
to stay here with these lunatics send
letters maybe meet sulis also revise
further measurements I want you to know
that's totally chill with us I don't
care but thank you anyway now I have a
theory to come up with some kind of
preliminary explanation to all this or
the letter will sound like i' lost my
mind yes and we have to get back to
stabilizing
Martinez instead of demolishing it with
loud base noise of unknown Origins some
tiny hard thing lets go in your stomach
your still
alive yes what is
it all you hear is silence in your
head okay I I don't really feel like
trying that one right
now I don't know if I'll get another
chance on it probably not
but let's let's finally move on to the
main thing that was a side
quest that was a an adventure the [__] I
can't cam dancing is going to be etched
to my brain like a scar in a good
way in a nice pleasant way I need to go
the other way
around old
kimothy he said he was like 40 something
I thought he was much older than that
based on what he was saying but I guess
he started working very young
okay
just in
case I'll do a a named save I think can
I do a
named okay whatever
okay suddenly your entire body is
paralyzed aggressive White Noise fills
your skull a strange pain like you've
never felt before through the static you
hear a woman's voice it's like a
thousand radio stations are being
blasted into your head all at once but
her words are only ones you can make out
I know you're feeling pretty
uncomfortable right now don't move too
much or fight it that'll just make it
worse can't say it's a pleasure officer
I was really hoping not to make your
acquaintance but here we are as she says
the word officer you feel a spite in the
agony it sounds like the entire radio
frequency range is screaming directly
into your mural she said not to fight it
that's an awful decision why would you
not want to Shield yourself from it it's
an entirely new type of experience way
worse than all the
previous I'm using a pale latitude
compressor you and your partner have
been caught in its
field the explosion of static you're
hearing it's the Ulan frequency blasted
from that pale emitter that angas
mention
saw my equations you've been sniffing
through my Lorry right I expected as
much I am a bit surprised you knew what
you were looking
[Music]
at a pale lattitude compressor is used
to sort of make the pale more manageable
with a lot of these you can force a radi
signal grid on the pil literally crunch
the distance across it signals are
relayed across a series of repeater
stations fixed to buoys not a fun job
Manning those stations all alone out
there in the pale people lose their
minds in just a few years so what we are
experiencing is a concentration of radio
waves
precisely this is an industrial strength
paraboloid it's meant for forcing
dimensions on something that doesn't
have them needless to say the
frequencies used are out of this world
at the upper limit is the large prime
number generator station it's used
specifically for pale latitude
compression that's why you may be
hearing some numbers but you might also
hear or think you're hearing local radio
chatter she likes telling you about the
machine keep her talking look for an
opportunity to break loose
yeah I stuck my head in there before
using it on you it seemed like the
ethical thing to do can't say that I
enjoyed it the field was weaker but I
can imagine what you're going
through I built it myself that's illegal
I'm guessing it's bented but we are
beyond that aren't we oh yeah Way
Beyond no once I shut down the
compressor the pain will end it may take
a few minutes for you to study yourself
though it's a bit like waking out of a
very confusing dream
[Music]
yeah let's not talk about that [__] you
were hunting me and fell into my trap
instead that's all there is to say about
it so she thinks of you as Hunters not
the cops and of herself me as pray if
you've got something really important to
say you can do it through the White
[Music]
Noise you're looking for a deal with my
mattress EMP
[Music]
[Applause]
God damn
it fine if you really want to talk I can
di it down I've also got a gun by the
way the gun she's carrying is a two
barel front loader not like the murder
weapon well it doesn't feel much better
but you can form sentences now thinking
doesn't seem to hurt as much there's
only 3 m between you and the Machine if
you keep bir distracted for long enough
Dad can we listen to the pale Channel
while driving be careful when you make
your move that'll be it for questions B
your
I heard you in the passages and I've
been preparing for quite a while so you
found my shack huh I'm not surprised her
tone is bitter she thinks she's been
betrayed so nice that's one knife I
didn't want to find my back this could
have turned out pretty bad for me if you
hadn't walked right into 25 bands of
ultra high frequencies that's her
admitting the bullet was emergency exit
no I didn't do it I only helped stage
the lynching though I doubt that makes
much of a difference to you who ratted
me out by the way was it
Titus no he wouldn't have broken
first oh I knew the kitten had claws but
not like this but she couldn't have
known I was on the coast how did you
find me
[Music]
oh [__] took some convincing my ass
those guys liked me I know it this is
what happens to people who people like
how the [__] do the rest of you get
by I did didn't I now you've come for me
[__] them all the same that did make her
forgive them a
little like what I already told you I
didn't do it a strong Mor comp she still
wants the opportunity to make a case for
herself man I was with the boys the
whole night
I hope they at least bothered to impress
that upon
you you mean the length of a toilet
break that wouldn't even have been
enough
time wow now I'm curious please
explain don't know it but also
evaluating your competence as a police
officer the shot couldn't have come from
the roof or we would have all heard it
downstairs she has a bing no one
mentioned that didn't go super well
you've got to lay something better on
her no gifts of flowers and Candy aren't
really my
style
nope I never did understand why when
someone dies a hot house is worth of
flowers has to to die too no I did
not I didn't like him Parton mercenaries
aren't particularly likable
types yeah sure and I didn't like wild
Pines sending in those foreign hirelings
me and a [__] ton of other people around
here I hate to be the bearer of bad
Tidings but I don't think she's purging
herself she didn't hate it okay
I'm
listening who doesn't oh you probably
mean cla's rooftop sure I've hung out
there she's got this great antenna the
views pretty bomb too but you might say
the antenna was the main attraction
there yeah along with Baja it's very
powerful I used it to tune into RCM
frequencies that's how I need to be
prepared for your
arrival yes I'm sure and any anyway as I
said before the shot had to have come
from afar
and sure don't the no this is such a
white out the gun store trigger happy
Jacks what did you think that I'm going
to squeal on my gun supplier sorry not
that kind of gal a knocked way 80 front
Mador two barrels not really what you
were looking for I'm guessing that isn't
it no they're not practical break too
often yeah evidence so Heart of Gold
Tommy [__] me over too never trust a
musician that really comes as a blow to
maybe twist the knife just in case make
her more
desperate okay great you got into my
Lori on your own what now you're going
to arrest me for drug traffic
beneath it she's relieved Tommy didn't
betray
her man it's to get away from all that
murderous [__] that I left Jamrock my
previous employer for the
union she deliberately avoided naming
the M she worked for you might be able
to find this out later I got lucky being
a dispatcher never had to do any of the
really dirty work myself this gun has
only been used for self defense against
sirius's gone there it's going to be
easier to reach the machine
now based on what I've heard about you
you are serious gum yeah where more more
questions before doing anything how
should I know as I keep saying he
already had a bullet in his head when I
got to him and there hasn't been any
useful gossip over the radio those rings
around her eyes her tired voice she's
been staying up late listening in on the
conversations crisc Crossing Martin for
this radio you've been following the
case who hasn't you know I can still see
him there in qu's room lying on his side
he was still warm but the bluish light
coming through the broken window made
him look as though he'd been dead for a
good long while she eyes you wearily as
though gauging your sincerity it's okay
we just want
to all right don't kill yourself over it
I was shooting the [__] with Hardy and
the boys over a few beers like always
then clasia comes in all pale and
shuttering she sits down with a drink
trying to steady her nerves so I grab a
seat next to
her oh yeah super but I didn't think too
much of it at first I'd seen her party
hard
before no I really didn't she's not that
easy to read I just assumed she'd done
too much blow it wouldn't be a first for
her but no such luck she was in some
deep [__] she asked me to come upstairs
The Merc she'd been going with was lying
on the bedroom floor dead I knew she
couldn't get the authorities involved so
yeah you made it look like it'd been
hang what no f making a lynching was her
idea yeah In Cold Blood it would surpris
me how quickly she was able to get a
hold of herself once we got up there it
was like she was another person the
party everyone's stories are so
conflicting constantly she asked me to
help her drag him into the shower so she
could wind the shower head around his
neck to F lividity then she dressed him
while I went to get the Hardy Board she
lied to you about that
yeah I wasn't sure whether to admire her
or be
disturbed as I keep telling you cops we
didn't hear anything downstairs no
gunshot nothing but even if this is true
weren't you worried the ining might lead
to war the thought crossed my mind but
the mercenary's death was going to have
repercussions either way although the
way things are going she doesn't want to
talk about this but not because she has
something to hide she doesn't want the
guilt [__] it I'm not responsible for
these people after what they did to
me good job
Harry you did it the compressor lies
broken on its side it's quiet in your
head again it still hurts like hell
but all good officer be careful she
looks at the machine assessing the
damage her hand trembles oh [__]
it
no no stop it problem solving ma'am Put
the gun down that's not the solution to
your problems you are oh yes it
is this is a 508 oh I wonder why it's a
red
check go ahead
then go ahead then Elon Musk yourself go
for
it you should know the words to say oh
no
you so why is it not coming to
you because you've been going around
around pointing a gun at yourself I
can't I can't even I can't save before
this
either her finger squeezes the trigger
now a smirk crosses her face as she
watches you stand there mute then she
exhales sharply shakes her head and
pulls the trigger
okay
wait oh nice clean
up YouTube is going to love this
one it's not it's it's not that
bad the dust got in my throat
okay is it is it worth r trying this or
should I just keep
going cuz I kind of didn't want this
outcome depends what you
want I'm going to retry
it I'll just speak run the suddenly your
entire body is paralyzed it's like I
know you can't say it as she says the
word of nobody that's not going to help
you can't sh I'm using the in blasted
from that saw my a pale signal precise
she likes telling you I built it oh yeah
no yeah I stuck my head in there but
yeah let's so she thinks of you if
you've
got godamn fine the gun well
be careful when you make I heard you in
the passages so her tone is bitter she
thinks she's been so nice this could
have that's her admitt no who ratted me
out by the way oh but she couldn't have
known I was on the coast oh [__] how the
[__] did the rest of you get by I did
that did make her forgive them a little
like what a strong moral comp I didn't
like him harded mercenaries are yeah
sure I hate you didn't I'm listening
man I was with you mean the length of a
toilet break wow now I'm curious don't
know it the shot couldn't have she had
that didn't go super and the guns
Trigger Happy Jack what did you think
that I'm going to sure the no this is
such a that isn't no they're not
practical yeah evident who doesn't oh
you probably mean cla's rooftop sure I
The View's pretty bomb it's very yes I'm
sure no gifts of nope I never no I did
not so that would maybe twist them okay
beneath it she's relieved Tommy didn't
betray her man she I got lucky there
it's going to be easy based on what I've
heard about you yeah more more question
how should those were who has he was
still I'm just redoing all this so I
have the information logged in case
that's necessary made him look as though
good all right she sits down with a
drink oh yeah no she asked you made it
look like it what yeah she she lied to
you about that yeah as I keep a war she
doesn't [__] it I'm not I saw so this is
what she was scared to tell Titus I
didn't catch this one this C this C yes
you everyone says you're his peon his
human can
opener through the sh pay in your head
you hear the lieutenant Mumble something
to himself [__] hell and why me you
hear through the W no K it's especially
bad suddenly felt like a vein
exploded everyone in Jamrock the cops
the criminals why do you think I'm HED
up in here with a goddamn death ray
waiting for you she knows that about you
she must know your real name too Harry
du one corrupt [__] with a disco
pants and a funny TI agent to La
mad is that a joke or a threat I'm here
sure she doesn't me I'm sure la Madre
himself will explain it all to you soon
enough you've been to my Lori you think
the biggest player inil damrock
appreciates
competition and now I have hary can
opener in my lirer [__] Titus wait
one thing possibly small but she said
you roll into town was that you singular
or plural she might know something yeah
you had your death squad with you what
happened to them anyway well it wasn't
this scrawny dude hey you had two guys
and a lady the guys look pretty buff
lady wasn't bad either one of the guys
seemed chipper a blonde the other had a
brooding something or other about him
and the woman the woman was the only one
in uniform all were carrying that sound
about right no idea who these people are
literally well this has been a great
talk really but I think I'm going to hit
the road now she means it you better
make your move soon what bunker
don't know anything about it no one's
been around since I set up camp but I'm
sure I'm not the first Vagabond
to keep calm breathe in after the pay
receipts is a little
clearer okay well I didn't get that
dialogue before I don't know if it's cuz
I missed it or if it just didn't show up
for one reason or
another wait I like how this is already
knocked
over you did it the compressor lies
broken on its side it's
qu good offer she looks oh [__]
it you should know the words to say a
again
one
more one more
time one more time I got this I'm the
I'm the speed run speed free your entire
body is paralyzed I'm amazing at this
game pleasure officer she says the word
no buddy that's not going to help I'm
the it blasted from
that signals
are she likes telling you I built it my
that's oh yeah no yeah I stuck my head
yeah let's she thinks of you if you God
fine the gun well there be careful when
you I heard you in the passage so her
tone is bitter she thinks she this could
have turned has her admitting the bullet
was an emergency I heard you in the past
so you so nice that's one night this
could have that's her ad no who ratted
me out oh but she couldn't have known I
was on the C how the [__] did the rest
of you get by like a strong I didn't
like him paron yeah sure I hate she
didn't I'm listening man you mean the
length of a toilet wow don't know the
shot she that didn't go super and the
guns trigger happy jck what did you
think sure don't AG no this is such I'm
not that isn't no they're not pract yeah
no GI no I did not who doesn't oh you
Pro it's
very The View's pretty yes I'm sure so
that would maybe twist the knife okay
beneath it she's relieved man she I got
lucky there is going based on what I've
heard about you you are yeah more more
questions before doing how should those
RS but who hasn't he was still she took
it all right she sits down with a oh
yeah super no she has you did look like
you'd been hanged what yeah she she lied
to you yeah as I keep War she doesn't
[__] it I so this yes through the sudden
sh pain in the [__] hell and it's
especially bad
something everyone in she knows that
about you Harry is that a joke yeah I'm
sure you've been to my wait one thing
possibly small yeah you had your death
squad with well it wasn't this one of
the that sounds no idea well she means
it what bunker don't know it keep Calm
breathe in after the P receipts it's a
little
clear yeah it sucks I can't quick save
Le I don't think I can all right back to
the funny cut
scene Arya Arya Arya in the
sky you did it the compressor lies
broken on its side it's quiet in your
head again it's still hurts like hell
but Arya Arya in the sky help me roll
something good for this guy she look oh
[__]
it prob ma'am oh yes it is she's truly
desperate she think she has no other
options you need to give her options you
know this is how you talk her out of it
it's the only scenario in which she
lives she stares at you Frozen the gun
still in her mouth eyes filled with dark
intensity then something shifts in her
gratitude doubt she's still ready to go
her neck and shoulders relax and her
grip on the gun
loosens day of Miracles I'll take
it she runs past you then pass the
lieutenant and disappears into the
darkness of the tunnel good
call yeah I'm sure I would have done the
same had I not been
incapacitated I have a feeling we didn't
her T we should check it
out nice
I think I want to put this away
now back to the Crowbar
days The pling Red Tent stands by
dispassionately
it was pitched by practiced hands she's
used to camping out the tent looks old
but wellmaintained in the darkness of
the tent a rolled up sleeping bag
cooking utensils some books and a
kerosene lamp it reeks of
cigarettes assorted soft covers mostly
pulp horror a motor Carriage lies buried
in the snow on one cover on another a
ghost Airship you also see a collection
of radio Enthusiast magazines see
anything Reger monthly Journal of
Material Science more technological
digest one of the magazines doesn't have
images on the cover it's not a magazine
it's a leather notebook you pocket the
worn brown leather journal we should
read this immediately like right
now A thick journal the cover is worn
like someone used to carry it around in
the their back pocket it's made of full
grain leather the lower left corner of
the back cover Sports an embossed brand
name schella schella is a stationary
brand from godal beloved among
Architects and Engineers she's got good
taste and must have taken whatever she
recorded here seriously the journal
Falls open about 2/3 of its ruled Pages
have been filled the large cursive of
someone who writes quickly and
confidently perhaps too confidently many
phrases and even paragraphs have been
crossed out with tiny Corrections
scrolled above and in the margins it's a
mix of logistical notes diagrams and
personal Reflections all dated it's good
she left in a hurry we could learn a lot
from this hard to tell exactly it's
mostly noted down in code looks like
contact information quantities
directions there could be useful
information about local operations in
those nodes we have a junior Sergeant at
my station who's good with codes I can
give this to her after we finish this
esoteric radio technology the most
recent ones probably pertain to the
latitude compressor sketches
calculations of distance and density you
make out a familiar spiral shape short
Ry observations of people and places
probably a way to pass the time on the
road also what appears to be attempts to
sort through some difficult decisions
there are a few passages with many
questions in them the first entry is
from August 2nd of last here it reads
simply I know my position is precarious
all I can do is make myself as useful as
I can while looking for a way out
remember no one is
indispensable nothing on March 4th March
5th though well that's bound to come
back and bite me in the ass I'm bad at
this loyal to a fault except but that's
another matter entirely you have no idea
what she means these are personal notes
don't expect to understand all of it
that name isn't mentioned as far as you
can tell Small Wonder would you talk
about laputa madre in your Journal you
do see an M though lauta MRE m is
mentioned on March 9th and March 15th
great M's peon is coming to town no
doubt to investigate the lynchin but
also I feel it in my gut to finally put
a bullet in my head while I'm napping in
my Lorry or on a smoke break well I
won't stick around just to Twist my own
neck by constantly looking over my
shoulder then again isn't that what I've
been doing ever since I got the call the
call did mem call her personally why
being hold up here for 3 days now I'm
used to being alone and all but I don't
know when I'll be able to leave or if
I'll be ratted out they will rat me out
of course I've made it a point to
believe in the best in people the boys
for example but experience tells me did
mem feel truly betrayed by me I was
feeling threatened he'd have to know if
he threatened people they'd take
measures to protect themselves even I
know that economic measures first of all
got to make a living right I can still
hear his voice in the receiver taste the
plastic the entry ends abruptly the most
recent entry is from today it reads even
when I leave here if I leave here alive
what's my next move staging a lynching
is a crime even if I'm not accused of
murder on top of that forever On The Run
not really my idea of the open road man
I was really looking forward to winning
it looks like she might have been
framed I wouldn't go so far as to say
that we have other reasons to arrest her
besides I'm not sure her life as a
fugitive is going to be much better than
with us especially if she has problems
with the
mattering no I don't think you are ask
someone in your prent if you want to be
sure he truly does not not to believe
you are perhaps he shouldn't be so
trusting could have been Titus then
again maybe there's a Hardy Boy we've
yet to meet who acted as his accomplice
either way we need to keep an eye on him
one thing is for certain we have
business back in the whirling and Rags
questions to ask we should get to it
well I have no idea what's going to
happen
now oh yes
these money
it's so funny how like specific you need
to be placed to use the Fast Travel
oh come on
now our tenant
please huh
please let me fast maybe it won't let me
fast travel for a reason
maybe it wants me to walk there for some
cinematic
purpose I'm all out of [__] to give loin
cloth welcome to the [__]
Reckoning huh
put your damn gun down people are going
to get hurt we need to talk this through
shut up not going to talk yourself out
of this loin cloth [__] [__] this is the
mercenary at the gates his chest Rises
and falls under the ceramic breastplate
his fingers reach for the butt of his
sidearm there's something very wrong
with
him sh this is a misunderstanding
nothing irreversible has happened yet
you can just return to your unit and
forget all about this the kip is
merciful willing to spare us if we just
forget about our murdered and humiliated
Commander I think we should just kill
everyone Cy you are all drunk come to
your senses you won't gun down seven
people in the middle of the street this
isn't a Frontier Town or a jungle
Outpost easy
Lizzy let me handle it I know guys like
way I'm sure we can come to a peaceful
agreement ain't that right fellas
peaceful oh that one I was like where's
that one coming from nest in your
abdominal cavity like a little wild
mouse the M man's words are barely
intelligible but you can hear them [__]
there's the third one how did we miss
something like this the lieutenant is
genuinely worried for his life you
should consult him before getting in
there if this turns into a firefight we
should take him out first a sound
strategy he's the
leader my plan is not to get killed but
we have to intervene the mercenary
Tribunal
no we have to step in this is not going
to end well if we
don't get lost comedian you cops had
your chance now it's [__] time for
some
justice I think he's calm down a bit P
[__]
oh people are going to die today we're
not leaving it like this these tribals
hung him up for everyone to
say no one is going to kill anyone let's
just put the guns down and talk like
civilized human beings with a wordless
gurgle the killer loads his long rifle
the leader gives a small nod to the
helmeted man you feel your fists
contract as you stand there between
these men old carrying real weapons no
no it's okay soften him up and Trust the
others to attack if it comes to that
make him talk present an argument I'm
barely keeping you together here this is
it if you talk to him he will rattle you
not the other way around peace always
peace it has worked thus far start with
the first idea you have move down from
that
please rude rude is the killer Rude the
killer ho and cloven he doesn't talk
much all of you [__] Inside
Out rip you open perhaps it's for the
best him not talking too much the Gunner
the radest the
killer what do you think he does there
on the rim of Owen cler's helmet you
count eal stick figures 19 20 21 about
50 little stick figures all of them
black plus two little white ones in the
end these men served in semini the
native
Islanders you're a tit sucking pig I'm
going to show you killer what are we
waiting for let's blow that big [__]
mouth off his face Lance corporal just
[__] shut up and wait for your
order who the [__] is that classia The
Woman Upstairs where is
she she left unarmed hunched but keeping
it
together she left her room's cleaned out
right before this these [__] showed
up we should have arrested her you can
feel how upset he is with himself just
for a second then the fear takes over
and he's back in the moment hey Bushman
your little [__] isn't going to help you
out of this one for God's sake tell him
the hardest didn't do it present a
case yeah who did
the bird you're [__] telling me a
bird killed our his fingers are
twitching that's a draw reflex is about
to draw
you think I'm [__]
stupid what how about the kid go ahead
tell me about some [__] room again
listen please this cop and this drumhead
C Marshall won't decide
who your mind grinds to a halt all you
can see is the revolver in the man's
armored hand swaying this is not going
very well that hurt you move your mouth
like a fish gasping for air he pulls the
trigger a plume of smoke erupts from the
muzzle not good the shot rings in your
ears a low tiny ring then The Hardy Boys
yell
something I'm okay I'm okay [__] this
Jean cancel Lizzy now it'll be ripped
apart they all will the moment the third
man opens fire and he knows it he wants
you to open fire on the mercenaries
before he does he's waiting for you and
your partner to be the
shield all right here we go this is an
illegal tribunal kreno would never
sanction this who's the commanding
officer take your pick you only have
time for one argument choose use
wisely what always happens when you get
good at your job that name meant night
raids [__] extrajudicial funky time
burned Villages [__] that sounds bad on
the radio the same thing happened when
we were called whatever the [__] it was
probably won't be called crenel for much
longer either the woman has grown silent
she draws shallow breaths not after this
[__] okay it's not much but he's
thinking about something else and his
hand is off the gun this did
something of course nothing bad will
happen talk about his dead friend he
seems stable enough to take
it even better it will further d
stabiliz him don't [__] talk to me
about my brother loin cloth okay yes
immediate failure things are worse now
he's observing your every motion
carefully you think I care what that
company [__]
thinks she's gone you stupid [__] sailed
off 5 minutes ago
she doesn't give a [__] about you Silo
stay cool how is she I'll be
okay I'll be she'll be gone soon too
company [__] is gone L's [__] is gone
L's gone [__] we still doing in this
[__] hole guys I
uh I just get in the way I don't even
have a gun hold your ground any more you
run I'll shoot you myself we're doing
this dou together yes so
what nah I'm clear as day [__]
government ordained super soldier in
Authority what is this we didn't come
here to [__] chat interrupt me again
and I will execute you on the spot lands
Corporal watch that loin cloth I can't
hear you sounds like you got your mouth
full of Dick r [__] this is it tell him
anything tell him you have more
information rude kill
him the porcelain man raises his rifle
and takes aim at you his hands are
steady and the long barrel of the rifle
sways slowly and Easter
arf7 built for taking out light armored
vehicles it will devastate
you you leap left a swarm of angry L
passes M millimeters from your side
tearing fabric off your coat feels like
the lightest of
tongs the man tilts his head trying to
see through the clearing smoke for the
next shot watch out to your left deul is
about to take a shot too at Kim God
please he's aiming for the ice slot in
rud's helmet an extremely difficult Shot
Two Shots ring at once one from the
liutenant pistol and the other from
deol's it's aimed at the lieutenant but
Glenn dying in a pudle of blood behind
you his mangled torso has two gunshot
wounds blood gushing is out of them like
red geers you see two cold eyes looking
at you through all the smoke and panic
and a pistol raised aiming at your chest
Point Blank then the man squeezes the
Trier a look of Happiness his eyes seem
unnaturally bright shining like stars
something in the fear must distort him
somehow he is evil and the and here it
comes
death you can't there is no time
something inside your pelvis explodes
your entire lower body is on fire and
your legs can't support you you fall
down like a rack doll the pain is too
immense to scream
it pushes the air out of your lungs
everything goes dark a distant blur as
you recede into it The Hardy Boys are
yelling someone is running jumping over
you in the background you hear gunfire
shatter glass and then a man in pain a
familiar sound it's Titus with a Splat
like meat you hear bullets rip into him
his voice still giving orders grows
fainter a gurgle
feels slick and warm with blood the pain
is too strong to know what has happened
there even clutching to your
Consciousness takes everything you got
most of what's down
there it's all gone open your eyes now
you have to see what's happening nothing
a persisting Darkness Dancing Lights of
pain distant Shadows cast by them like a
hellish plade you're bleeding out
stay with me you hear me stay awake look
at me but you can't it's so hard your
eyelids grow heavy and the sounds ever
more distant and a cold comes over you
the lieutenant too is somewhere far away
almost gone when suddenly you sense
something behind him a shadow towering
someone stands there raising his pistol
at him the lieutenant does not see it
he's pushing down on your wound with
both hands scream immediately he's going
to
die no you scream behind you from your
bloody lips your eyes are full of fear
there is no room for hesitation the
lieutenant turns around and fires his
body falling on yours in the course of
the motion you hear a roar of pain a
death Scream the sound disappears like
someone pressed stop on the tape the
hulking figure too is gone and so is Kim
this is death one more door baby one
more door the fight there is no fight
the fight is over
it was lost a thousand years
ago you have laid here
forever keep
falling
deeper take the door he's not taking it
his body is not taking it oh God no he's
not
disintegrating he's swelling up instead
over the hours
hting moaning in his sleep and
rotting and being disinfected and
smelling of drugs and feeling salver in
his
mouth drifting in
painkillers
thrashing in his wound sleep there was a
radio in a distance a radio of the world
playing sounds good morning elesium soon
you will return to the world ours turn
to
days soon we will get up again and go
through it again
again finally we know what the infernal
engine was
outside the Clarion called the engine of
a Caprice can no it was him he is the
infernal engine
can't you see he never stops he only
gets
W you see the Lieutenant's familiar
shape in the orange jacket it turns
double then triple from the pain sunrise
parabon
it's not ouch time yet you just go to
Dam in pill an hour ago wait until it
wears off drine then it's not that bad
neither surgical nor organ damage bad
but still under the counts are bad Mr G
cleaned it it took him an entire day two
days in and out you've been upy enough
to take Dam in in curse and drink
water yes the joke wasn't f anymore I
took it off the close proximity of death
must have made the lieutenant
contemplate his life choices he's done
with the jacket Sunrise Parabellum
Sunrise prepare for war it's an old
revolutionary thing the gates of the
harbor are boarded up the streets are a
little more empty apocalyptic violence
is yet to erupt I am relieved to say I
think we may have held it off for now
barely that's right o indeed what
happened we tried to take the Diplomatic
route and hoped they wouldn't attack
first they did the major gave the
command as retaliation their Rifleman
tried shooting you he missed or you
dodged then I shot and wounded him while
Glenn took a bullet in the spine it was
meant for me Glenn did not survive this
is not the first person to die in his
place he goes on Titus fangus and Theo
charged angress and Tio died before they
made it to intensive care Titus died in
the hospital yesterday
Alan and the Young musician I forget his
name there are all that's left yes you
were bleeding out by then you warned me
I was able to disarm cortar before he
got to jump on me I was not able to kill
him as I should have Kel took
him a stray bullet killed the bll though
and that's what
happened he's in a private Hospital
across the river Kel claimed him from
the local butcher shop where Titus died
turn out he's insured we won't get to
him anymore the good news is he's not
coming here either I did some
damage this is the one yes five Glenn
Theo Angus the fat one he took a lot of
bullets and Titus and Elizabeth too
Elizabeth buer was her name the gardener
no she bled out before art surgeon could
help her
i' had his personal doctor but a costly
loss for the union she was being trained
for
leadership she never had a chance she
should not have been there in the first
place there was no way to convince them
all yes officer six people are dead it's
not a success no you said seven but
what's done is done the violence is C
enough the Hornets did not get into the
Beehive the worst scenario has not
materialized yet and we are still alive
both of us he did not expect you both to
survive once you stepped between those
two armies reasonably bad you were shot
in the left cadps that's your thigh the
outer side thankfully no major arteries
were nicked the bullet was removed and
bacterial infection treated with Mur we
will see you won't be able to dance much
that's for sure you should be able to
live with limping around though
no I called your station after the fight
the injury was logged in they told me
they've sent officers to join you on the
site I'm sure they're worried about
you I
did oh you're
gay no need not very I have a con cion
from the major beating me with the butt
of his gun I tried to not move too much
things would be worse if you didn't want
me thank you I did not see him coming
stupid of
me easy
now your balance is way off you feel
like you're about to fall over on that
thing how are
you the lieutenant looks at you
teetering on your
feet I honestly don't
know we can't talk to evard the harbor
is in lockdown everyone in there is
outside our grasp now Jo has left too
yes she left yesterday morning to meet
the board of wild Pines oh that is what
I've heard there's a pin somewhere in
the machine that keeps conell from
sending in a death squad maybe it's her
maybe she kept her hand either way Ruby
is gone and classio too we really should
have arrested her you
know I don't know I think the dangerous
Theory you presented on classia or
whatever her name is was wrong we have
not found a motive or a weapon for her
honestly I think our investigation has
not produced a single credible suspect
it's extremely easy there are thousands
laying around we found one all
completely unusable it's precisely how
easy it is to find one that makes the
bullet
useless we could find thousands more if
we wanted all of is full of
them we should go upstairs reing the
ballistics in you I agree with this what
else yes God cursed the footprints not
solving the case for us
o I don't know that's been there for
years don't be narcissistic have the
cops in rol West are his pees even if if
you are it is not a decisive factor in
this case that does make some sense what
every piece of garbage in the city is
not connected to the case you don't have
to keep everything he's
wrong
mhm I'm afraid we may not be able to
locate communism detective on account of
it being dead a nod he arches his brow
the ceiling fan patiently spins overhead
it really is very hard that concussion
must be making him
dizzy no are you ready to limp good
where do you want to Le too the
lieutenant did mention doing more
ballistics also it's just close enough
to enjo the
walk why not
another look at the window perhaps the
one he was shut through I don't know I
can't think of anything
better
homosexual first thing I think about
maybe you should stop obsessing about
your own and other people's sexuality
feels like it's about time to do that
you thought about this for 8 hours not
only should you stop you should tell Kim
you've stopped obsessing about other
people's sexuality too I'm sure he
depreciate it unless you already got him
killed because you were obsessing about
your sexuality there's no way of telling
from within your brain but for your own
sake please say you didn't
so now we're going to research
anti-obscenity
the perk let you confess your love to
Kim no that's you're
lying you're lying you're lying you're
lying you're lying you're all lying stop
gas fighing me
you're
lying yes you're
lying what about me you're lying let's
change the subject you're you're
lag don't say don't
say to spare you from reloading Kim
tells you he's gay
I can do this
I could do the speedrun
right let's speedrun
it maybe we'll get a maybe something
better will
happen also I I saved where we were just
in case
but okay we
can what's let's [__] speedrun it the
plane it was P the tent it reeks of
cigarette assorted ra pocket we should
read the plane it was pitched
by a thick journal the cover is worn
like someone used to carry it's made of
schella she's got good tast the journal
the L perhaps it's a it's good she left
enough hard to tell there could be
useful esoteric radi short R the first
nothing you have no that name small one
great then again the call been hold up
did M the entry ends of the most even
when I leave it it looks like she might
have been I wouldn't beside no could
have been maybe there one
thing for
I think I fun I didn't clock why it
wasn't letting me fast travel the first
time
oh
save first
here stop just up ahead danger what you
have isn't enough you need more
Firepower a ranged weapon your cavalon
kr2 multitool looks impressive shining
in the Cold Spring Light but what can it
do against military grade
Weaponry then you'd better get ready
whatever happens I've got your
back should I sell a gun in
[Music]
here
oh yeah I don't have the gun yet I don't
know where it is
I'm all out of shits to give loin cloth
okay
youut this is there's something this is
a misunder you are peaceful nest in [__]
the lieutenant is genuinely worried for
his life the mercenary Tribunal my plan
is not to get killed if this a sound
strategy get L I think he's come Pi
[__] ah yeah welcome to the [__]
party you're probably going to get
killed too I don't give a [__] if you're
CAU no one is going to kill with the
word the leader no no it's okay I'm bear
peace always peace it has worked thus
far start with the first idea you have
move down from that R all of you [__]
Inside Out rip perhaps the G what do you
think there on the rim these men served
in semini the native Island huh what are
we waiting for Lance corpal just [__]
shut up and wait for your order yes so
what now in interrupt me again and I
will execute you on the who the [__]
cler The Woman Upstairs where is she she
unarmed we should have you can feel for
God's sake tell him the hardest didn't
do it president a case yeah who did that
his fingers are twitching that's a draw
reflex is about to
draw you think I'm [__] how about
listen please this cop and this drumhead
C Marshall won't decide who The Hardy
Boys confessed to hang in him all
together Titus said we took him out back
and hanged him he said it loud in a
public
place you're lying the Paul
HED you heard wrong she and his men have
been helping us find the
shooter [__] liar
the shot rings in your ears a low tiny
ring then The Hardy Boys yell something
the young woman stands and looks behind
her the shot has flown over her head
crashing a small pain of the glass
window behind her I
missed I know what I heard Cy they said
they killed him they said it was a good
way to end a Sunday night wait is there
a chance for him to miss that doesn't
sound good you need to change the topic
now or there will be another shot what
topic shots have been fired act before
it's too late this was a CL all right
here we go you only have time for one
argument Choose
Wisely pops you have no idea about the
rights crenel extends to us if I [__]
and kill you hang you to the that street
light by your [__] pipes then that's
called a necessary display of force no
one's going to give a [__] about dead
loin cloth okay it's not much but he's
thinking about something else and his
hand is off the gun this did
something of course nothing bad will
happen even don't you think I care what
that company [__] thinks [__] wa this
watch that [__] this is it tell him
anything tell him you have more
information R kill
him the porcelain Man Easter a r F7 you
leap left a swarm of angry left passes M
millimet from your side tearing fabric
off your coat the man tilts his head try
watch out to your left God delete these
aiming for the ice slot in rude's helmet
Two Shots ring at once one from the
Lieutenant's pistol and the other from
The Glenn you see two cold eyes looking
at you break through all the this shit's
making him Gay and G and a pistol raised
aiming at you a look here it comes death
okay I feel like that might have been
better than the first time
question
mark you can't the pain is too the heart
it's Titus feels slick and most of
what's it's all gone nothing a
persisting Darkness you're bleeding
out still is but a shadow towering
someone stands there scream immediately
no there is you hear this is dead the
he's and there was a a the engine no it
was him
he
he okay I think that was a better
outcome familiar shape in the Sunrise
parab it's notw me Mr two days in yes
the close prox the gates of I think we
may have handed off that's right what
happened as retaliation then I sh this
isn't Titus F yes you were B I was not
able to kill him as I should have canel
to
k a stray bullet killed the B though and
that's what happened yes this is the
this in a private we won't get to five
Glenn Theo shanki Angus the fat one he
took a lot all yes officer seven people
are dead I think they switch the lines
but what's done is done the violence is
C enough The Hornet and he did not
expect you reasonably we you won't be
able to dance much no I called your
station after I'm sure they're worried
about you I did it's part of a
detective's task chain actually you can
you can even remove a fractured bullet
it seems not very things would be
wor okay I'll take it that was a that
was a worth that was a worth a
worth uh speedrun your B how are you
your disco days should have been done
quite a while back Lieutenant eor I
honestly don't
know we can't talk to evard yes maybe
it's her maybe she kept her hand either
way Ruby's gone and class you too we
really should have arrested her you know
guard confirmed she left 20 minutes
prior to the tribunal showing up I don't
know honestly I think our investigation
has not produced don't be that does make
some what every piece he's wrong
mhm I don't know yes God we should go
upstairs it's extremely easy we could
find thousands more if we want it I'm
afraid we may not a nod he arches his
brow the ceiling fan it can feel that
way that concussion must be making him
Dizzy No Good the lieutenant also it's
just close enough to why
not another look at the
save first or will that be
save okay homosexual underground thank
you
yeah
okay
yes
okay great great imagine all the time
you'll have for work now matter of fact
we should get back to it right now mhm
what you didn't stop at all did you you
are just obsessing about other people's
sexuality now um
uh but am I I'll spare you another
20-hour mind project yes I am now let's
get back to work that's the
truth yeah yeah a
yes what about me good okay that was
worth it thanks
everyone I can walk into Kim's
room I got a skill point for discovering
the gay wow wow wow wow wow
wow the fan stands
oh his little
world these papers bear the stamp of the
RCM they appear to be fragments of the
Lieutenant's paperwork half finished you
may C notes on this and other recent
cases
I had G open the door to your room you
were running a low bacterial fever the
first
night it would have been easy were it
not for my concussion we both got lucky
considering the ODS we faced let's
go I am sure neither of us feel solid
enough to keep loitering in this
room I am sure
the story is still locked the
next to the stack of bills you see a
note a few lines jotted down down in
large uneven handwriting just as the
writer was about to rush out the door
I'm sorry I [__] everyone over PS I
didn't kill him PPS gift upstairs a
gift I am not drawing my gun yet but I
don't like gifts it's hardly
surprising the medicine cabinet is empty
pity I always took you for more of a
drunk than a chemical abuser Lieutenant
heator mhm she certainly had her
priorities tra when she was backing
you see the same two neon lit shapes a
man and a woman only now a red thread
bisects the room pointing from the
antenna outside to the cupboard on the
wall this is ballistics she's left a
trajectory for us a ray of backward
motion explodes from his mouth to the
roof outside a prime to then widen into
a radius of locations in martines B
Prime b double Prime and B triple prime
it suggests the bullet came from the
extreme upper quadrant of possible
angles from a point beyond the roof B
triple prime the island in the
bay unless she thinks the perpetrator
was standing on the ring antenna that is
where the threat seems to point
I
remember she was there that night she
would have known precisely where the
Bullet Hole was in the glass she had a
long time to think about it after
standing on that roof staring at the
glass it also looks like there may be
more to her skill set than we know the
question is should we trust
her I don't know at these Point what
difference does it make
so it is for a second he seems
tired I just haven't gotten a lot of
sleep these past few days he doesn't
really believe this will yield
anything there across the gray water
amidst crumbling concrete a birch tree
and the half sunken ruins of a flack
Tower could be be the makings of a
sniper's
nest of course of course I mean how do
we get there Joy miss here had a Sloop
but she's
gone ah yes of course the village let's
go
[Music]
actually maybe I should I I want to
teleport back actually cuz I'm curious
what I'll see on the way
there are we good we're
working are we the most excellent
hello okay so I've learned that for
whatever reason the current iteration of
OBS the current like version seems to
start working after a couple of hours
and I just have to restart
it that would make
sense okay really
quickly let me
I'm not using streamlabs
now usually doesn't it OBS doesn't
normally do this it's kind of a new
thing with the latest
iterations
um just going to go grab something
really quickly I'll be right back uh can
you watch the abortion lits for me
[Music]
nice where did my abortion lets
behave that was so
heartwarming wait I just joined what the
[__] was that I don't
know I don't know what you mean
are you okay what are you talking
about there is nothing on
screen it was just my
VB oh you're Rock it's good to see you
back on your feet did you like your room
I cleaned it for you
you're welcome I thought it would be
nice for you to wake up in a clean place
after you let's be fair defended this
establishment and its clientele from
gunfire defended maybe putting it a bit
generously though I had a great view of
you doing nothing to stop those
Psychopaths then I crawled inside
bullets started flying anyway I wish you
a quick recovery also you and your
partner are staying here free now this
establishment supports cops the stay is
free with the drinks or not just felt I
needed to specify that oh you know
people don't tend to stick around after
shootouts turns out they're not good for
business I don't remember everyone who
comes here and many people wear
sunlasses inside lately must be a fad ah
them nice people but no Lena said they
were going back to Jamrock I saw them
pass by outside this was before the
fight started I'm glad she got out of
here before all that bullets flying and
stuff people inside were quite terrified
you know I had to take action and step
outside
too yes you know and I went outside and
took care of it everybody calmed down
felt like the right thing to do he's
almost completely forgotten what this
began with I mean you're a detective
perhaps you can track them down
shouldn't be that hard exactly but only
in due time crypto business is not a
priority right now you'll see her again
one day you know it things went like
they did for a
reason yeah I was yeah that's because
I'm a bad ass
he nods back at you even more stoically
just two badass men nodding stoically
physical instrument make that three the
lieutenant is working two hands
crossed okay Kim no problem they'll come
back they always do
seeing you approach the bruised man
clenches his fists oh it's you didn't
think we'd see you walking anytime soon
Elaine look it's the Cowardly cop
huh what he's very very drunk our
condolences for your
losses does he look like he's okay he
does not his unshaven face is almost
gray and he reeks of piss sweat and
booze while still alive he has abandoned
his own body to
decomposition he wasn't that's the
thing Titus Theo Dennis Angie they're
all gone but he got away without a
scratch uh I just there's nothing
left nothing this is a broken man he
probably feels that he should have been
able to protect the other somehow
and now he feels guilty for not dying
with them or instead of
them I'm not suggesting much all I'm
saying is he lost
everything
what the flicker of light in his eyes
goes out and he collapses back on the
table damn song bird of misery that one
and do you have any information on this
song bird of misery God said she took
off some time before the firefight
that's all trying to remember if there
was anything oh yeah he said she seemed
to be in a real hurry she's gone face
it tius is [__] dead what's going to
happen to The Hardy Boys look around you
man
this [__] is done yeah I know myti
boys no man I don't know I guess the
union will still be policing the
neighborhood but who's going to do it
now me no man I'm not a leader you know
Titus only recruited me cuz I play the
guitar said the team could use the
morale boo
what [__] no if I'd stay we'd keep the
name to
honor man you have no idea how this
works do you but yes if I don't stick
around then it's all over so I guess I
sort of have to now he's not a drinker
another good thing about it yeah man you
know you know you got this you got this
I haven't got [__] now this is not
completely ludicrous him and Titus were
the only detectives of the bunch Titus
more but Eugene at least knew how to
think along yeah you too it's a rough
world out there it's not easy being a
cop we were too hard on you both of you
we shouldn't have [__] with you like
we did
you got between us and a lot of bullets
in that fight mat owes you one that's
kind of you to say take care of your
friend okay I will you take care of
yours a sharp pain shoots up your side
and into your stomach you must not look
too good luckily it passes what do you
mean I've got like the Cloud Strife
version of a [__] crowbar in my hoops
all right what's it going to be am I
going to click on this guy and it's
going to just say it's all about the
money what
is what is the what is the point what is
the point of this guy
like he looks like [__] oh he looks
like
um a je Jeff basos but like in
a [__] jean jacket
he's s like
[__] actual like execution style
firing squad outside he just uh he
looked that said he said it's all about
the money you
know hi again
garm
bye-bye he does not have anything to say
about all that
oh the grao has been painted over the
traces of the fight that took place here
it smells of blood and heavy fuel oil
this was Cindy the
skar the lieutenant crouches touching
the fuel oil with his finger looks like
it yes
this is still fresh it wasn't here
yesterday and blood some of it is even
yours heavy fuel oil isn't that
flammable you could buy some smokes
light up a Siggy and throw it in there
you know just to see what happens see if
it's
flammable it's better that way
safer I'm not lighting it on fire
my man you're
alive almost kind of sort of
alive man what a day I missed out on
most of the action but I heard it was
quite the
encounter had a strong sense of finality
to it so what's next you guys heading
back to Jamrock now talk is Local Union
muscle were behind it all I'd reckon the
case is closed even if it kind of turned
into a [__] show
hey that's just what I heard old wives
taale so what next good luck with that
my man ain't easy being you but hey
you're still breathing
right okay is it wise to share
information about the case like this
sire the lieutenant throws you a quick
glance what are you
doing that's probably for the best you
keep your job to yourself with a job
like yours you have
to
okay can we still go on this laori the
smell of cigarettes there's something
odd about the passenger seat the seat in
fabric has been pulled tight over the
lower side of the seat with the toolbox
voila
best not to disturb the scene the stack
of maps closed
okay this one's
gone no grao I think is just a word for
that they're using in this
game as a World building thing
the boy Ado stares at you with respect
then gestures towards the trickles of
blood adorning your
clothes there are types of danger the
one I'm usually concerned with is lung
cancer or getting muled by Wildlife not
bullets it calls back to an older era
where this was common place though you
have a true boad or heart hiding
Gathering themselves the Harbor's in
full lockdown friend no getting e in or
out for the time
being no man not today today is war he
says it matter of factly like it's no
big deal time will tell I'll tell Ard
you drop by I'm sure he'll be
glad I'll be okay here doing
Lookout quite beside aren't they getting
to like that red I am don't worry about
me I live to alleviate the worries of
our brothers see if any insane Killers
turn up then I'll run and
leave you know it
friend thanks drct banana is the racist
still
here the racist is gone
and there's nothing else to do here
except this
box had1 in
it it was all worth it it was all worth
it
music is quite
different everyone says you started
crying in the middle of a firefight and
then bled like a pig I guess that was
cool people they say You' kind of died
for a moment that you let your [__] out
already but then came back so I guess
that's what's cool now just don't think
cuz you got half your dick shot off and
you're an invalid now Kuno is going to
treat you different Kuno doesn't reward
weakness it's business as usual with
Kuno Kuno is cold like that feels good
for some
reason watch out Pig it's a dangerous
world out there but Kuno got his eyes on
you who knows
all around you the hisses and chirps of
locust fill the musky air the earn floor
of the shack has been shaped into mounds
of mud dotted with little holes for
Windows like skyscrapers spires of dirt
and sand Rising accommodations for their
insectoid inhabitant well detective it
appears you've solved the case of the
Locust for the missing Locust case which
is a subcase of the imaginary insect
case so at least that's going well yes I
feel we are nearing a real
breakthrough I'll let you handle the
Kuno side of things you are doing just
fine thank
you wait
oh I can't go over there can I
yeah why are we posting IP Grabbers in
chat
[Music]
oh my God things have gotten out of hand
I thought the psychic stuff was bad but
the crime it's even worse I haven't been
able to come to work for 3 Days the shop
has been locked no sales gang bangers
running around shooting everyone I know
I shouldn't have bought a shop in this
ghetto and you oh my God just look at
you it looks like even the police can't
take care of all this someone should do
something about this maybe I should
close the bookstore and open a psychic
Studio yes it makes sense crime is the
Sixth Element you see the darkest
element I could teach people to protect
themselves against Bad energies and to
fight
crime no no you're right Officer you've
convinced me it is a great idea thank
you for the inspiration in the meantime
do buy the books as many as you can they
would
all hi Ace detective okay she doesn't
have anything to say about the the death
of
all
magic or something like that
I know Joyce isn't here I'm curious if
there's something else left in its
dead okay
[Music]
give me a
moment
no you hear
someone really it just looks like
business as usual
here and sending is gone
or is she
here or is it being
[Music]
grabed yeah
okay I will walk to the destination but
I do not know if anything will be quite
different
or is it all about the money it's all
about the
money Communists are gone too what a
world and the bald Duds
[__] is this
guy this officer care to play a game
with the lonely Holdman actually never
mind wouldn't be the same the prick is
gone I I can barely believe it but he
really gone he is trying to retain his
Jolly facade but the under line sadness
casts a deep Shadow over his wrinkled
face hell most likely he was an absolute
K oh he would have liked that violent
lives ending
violently that's how he wanted to go
sadly it was not the case his angry
little heart finally gave out the duck
workers found him in the god boost this
morning wasn't he even supposed to be
walking for another week but he just had
to prove how tough he is wait did he
push himself to prove he can pull his
weight and doesn't need handouts yes he
was about to head home cuz when the dark
workers found him he was wearing
civilian clothes and not the cetu
uniform I saw him in all the time
sometimes I thought he was wearing it
just to piss me off now the js on him B
is going to be buried without
it no Rene was the most stubborn man in
rol nothing your high could say would
ever push him to do anything the man was
completely
immovable he has doubts but right now he
just wants to move on I repeat an
absolute K even his whole hary Buddies
didn't want him around he was like an
old Viper the only people who could
stand to be around him were Jenny and me
she saw something s in him when we were
just kids and and she never lost sight
of it and I thought if the most
beautiful being in the world can love
him then then must be something worth
holding on
[Music]
to we've hated each other our entire
lives so much in fact
that yes I I loved that angry prick he
didn't deserve it but I
did you know what this last words to me
where so rightwing GL
slogan in Guam's time you'd have been
shut without trial
that's what he say to
me he lived a and he died a c let's
leave it at that
wow
um
okay I took them for myself took them to
remember that
old nobody knew him better than than I
did and I want to remember that old [__]
buy something strange how old [__] sound
almost gentle when he says it
now let me see this was 60 years ago we
all went to that parade Yung gr looks so
happy and Janny I'm sorry officer I just
thank you thank you for this little
memorabilia it really means the world to
me that was nice a small thing for us
but invaluable to him he probably didn't
even know when they had the
photo old people die you better get
ready too yes we are both very sorry for
your loss it is what it is part of life
really but to know someone for 79 years
then one day they're just
gone I just don't know anymore about
anything really but you you must need
something P wasn't really what you'd
call a Bist officer and believe me he
didn't like insulindian
lies that's their old name dating back
to the time of kings and crests and all
that other stuff he loves so
much there were many reasons but mostly
it was the communal they called them the
belts of
Revolution I guess in the hand the
insulindian lies were just another piece
of the hold in sind the royalist had to
surrender to the mazovian
insurgents it doesn't really matter
anymore yes yes
finds comfort in the thought we all got
to go sometime officer everyone I love
is already there probably waiting for me
I'm not afraid to die it's been a good
run and I really miss my friends we are
both very sorry for your loss death of a
friend is a terrible thing it is what it
is part of life but to know someone for
79 years I didn't mean to say that but
it seems productive just go I just don't
know anymore officer I just can't do
this right
now
uh wow a cop limping down the street
bleeding from the shoulder face bruised
looking like hell you know what that is
cool that's cool
tapes you mean like music tapes no music
is out don't listen to music I sell
extremely cool sunglasses if you want to
get your mojo
going tapes tapes are everywhere they're
worthless kids throw them in the trees
there's one in the bushes right behind
this Lorry no one would ever throw a
good pair of high quality plastic
sunglasses in the bushes Mister to the
West dark brown ribbons of tape hang
from the tree you should have a look
it's better than
nothing
where West is it this way or the other
way down
here where
where behind him but it said
West H but you would be
right the Hawthorne Tree on through the
sanji's lane bronze-colored ribbons of
magnetic tape are caught in its branches
fluttering in the breeze just like
promised you've stood here for what
seems like eons guzzling the sickly
fumes of lores and carriages patting the
tree reveals a small sticker which has
almost been worn to Oblivion it reads
RCM emergencies desk number
81002 underneath a slogan mankind be
Vigilant you tree hugging pansy hey the
bronze ribbon twists around and within
the branches in an intricately natural
pattern but there's something there's a
twisted logic in this mess you see the
ends of the ribbon the way it flows how
it twists and turns it's all starting to
make sense it'll be easier to remove now
with slow and deliberate motions pulling
bending imagine what I rolled low and a
57 97 from the branches it curls up into
a mess inside your pocket if only you
could find a way to respool it so that
you could hear what's on the tape maybe
Roy from the porn shop can help you with
this what's the tape
for how it's broken and unspooled do you
think you're your B knows how to fix
it you could also get it fixed at the
pawn shop across the street we shouldn't
waste our time good idea he might have
the tools the tape projector in the porn
shop uses similar
tape I'll unip the
flashlight
equip for you equip the flashlight for
[Music]
you here I come without the
flashlight I see you were wounded in the
recent
altercation a speedy recovery to you
officer now what can I do for you you
remain race
holy yeah I do but but I'm not some M to
fix it I'm a porn broker if you want to
porn the tape sure although it looks
pretty worthless just explain why you
need this so much he's bound to
understand huh what do you mean yes what
about it is it any good the music I mean
man you're really invested in this okay
I'll help you out it's going to take a
moment though so just sit back and
relax you take some time to look around
the store the play of visuals all around
the porn shop is mesmerizing suddenly
Roy turns back to you with a reel of
tape in his hand and
coughs yeah my pleasure I do what I can
for true passion project just try not to
use this tape for negative Photon
emissions take
responsibility
okay
yep I will not use it for a St
light all right give me my flashlight
back thank you oh this way
[Music]
I thought it would have sunk more by
now no I'd win
officer what happened you're
limping why are you limping you look
terrible you're not limping you're
you is this from the shooting in town we
heard gunshots not that we don't hear
gunshots all the time but they were
closer than usual there was an exchange
of fire on S
it's nothing to be worried about mad you
didn't only get
shot of course can I help you with
something that won't be a problem it's
wind still and the T just dried we've
got two days of relative Sunshine ahead
used to be some kind of fortification
there before the war for the communards
an anti-aircraft gun I think bombed to
bits in The Landing I haven't been there
myself always steered clear of it hasn't
been there herself who has them my
husband used to drink
there him and his drinking
buddies always seemed like a bad place
to drink to me people died there during
the landing you know my mother told me
this must be one of the many
fortifications that was used in the
dying days of the Revolution against
Coalition forces before they took this
city the kids sometimes go there too I
know they do on rafts I tell them not to
but they bring back old bullet casings
and such the
twins God forbid they bring the girl
Along on some rickety barge can we maybe
ask your twins about that place before
we go would that be all right be my
guest they have a strange way of talking
see if you can get anything useful out
of them I seldom
do well most of it sunken underwater
that means concrete underwater cut your
boat if you're not careful be sure to
enter from the South Side water is deep
there I I
captain well done at your facing I'm sad
to hear
that take care of that with ether will
you don't get too many RCM men around
here be sad to lose the first one that's
cool you boast in your bacterial
infection like that if you promise to
bring it back and no scraping the hole I
just got it nice and yellow and no
drinking on the boat and no joy riding
either of course ma'am it's only for a
day or two Official Police business
I the crow's feet disappear from the
corners of her eyes please be
conservative with the fuel will you just
filled her up but it's a small
tank our tenant the policeman I hope the
I even I can see that I told you not to
bring your trouble with you policemen
we've got Troubles of our own
here though I suppose you you took the
worst of it then you were your own
ill what do you expect police officers
get put into dangerous situations all
the time sometimes they get shot it's a
rough trade you're
in the scruffy haired little boy kicks a
stone while the other watches him do
it on that island
that's um nothing it's just a sea and
some plants you can dig a ra there it's
great and and we make a fire we make a
we make a
fire mhm gather the sticks for the fire
and
bullets or not real bullets empty
bullets bullet shells there are a lot of
them left over from the War but this
could be important I don't know what
those are they're Li the fire guy comes
and ask us to put the fire out your
nerve endings Sting from the mention of
a guy they must mean a human being on
that island but it's cut
off no yes let's go where yes
because cuz he asks to put the fire out
um I don't know he doesn't like it he
don't like people to be there you
shouldn't go
yes because he doesn't want to be found
smoke traces I I don't
know did you mean there are electrical
lights um yes
no he do live there I don't think no he
lives there been there twice two times
uh he doesn't live there he isn't there
sometimes anything else what does this
guy look like I don't no we we ran he
just yed we shouldn't be there Our
Father K him
I
see didn't say that he
didn't you're he killed himself all
right I'm
sorry there's
a lights fire guy we should check up on
that
island our father killed
himself it was weird
a skiff with a small steering engine in
the back floats on the calm mirror of
the sea its two seats are empty once you
get in that's it one pull of the starter
handle and you're off into the bay a
strange trepidation comes over you are
you sure you want to go now have you
made made all the necessary preparations
closed all your accounts remember what
the net picker said it's a small tank
you won't be going back and forth on
this okay wait let me do the tape
thing is this almost the end of the
game I know this has been a long
playthrough but it still feels too
short surely there's
more really it feels it feels like
there's so much so much left that I
don't
understand good morning comrade yeah
hard yeah
remix Time tape goes here into deck b a
hand on his a he listens to the audio
through his headphones and shouts wow
did you get this from ano himself a
great excitement is bubbling to the
surface within him this is big listen
I'm just going to show it to you ready
[Music]
wow here's that was a science match
perfectly now if only we had the bead
for the full of salt it would be
unbelievably hyper what is this it's
good how did you guys do
that yes but what if van based his remix
on some forgotten local Melody like a
folk song and you just found the
original piece that inspired him to
create this Jam that would explain why
it fits so well n to me it sounds like
classic van I don't think he needs any
inspiration from folk songs maybe he
lives in Martine and just threw away
part of his song because he thought it
wasn't good enough I think it's just
happen stance chaos in action
contingencies of our limited existence
that and egg just how music theory Works
no's right egghead's technical Talent is
the key yeah no this is definitely part
of the same song Something cut from it
it fits too
well music works like that though like
so many different songs sound really
great together without any reasoning and
the reason is actually just because of
note
relationships that are very common
like I feel like there's only three or
four primary chord progressions that
popular music goes through which
honestly is a very cool
thing uh something I think about
uh something I think about is like how a
lot of popular music uh like does use
only these few chord progressions I
remember when I was younger I was like
oh that's stupid there should be more
variety etc etc etc but as I got older
my brain instead of realized this like
holy [__] the amount of like incredible
songs people can do with just the same
[__] chords is like one of the
coolest things ever isn't
it it's not like not like a bad thing at
all it's just like that's
awesome uh I keep wanting to reuse the
ANM chord progression and other things
but I keep forgetting how forgetting to
do it purposefully because it's one of
my favorite chord progressions it's very
simple one I think the an of chord
progression you can technically do
playing two notes of times it's not even
chords technically it's just a
Melody it's like a perfect
fifth up two down one or something like
that me how it may if it fits it fits
what about the base do you have any
ideas for that yeah I'll remember you
said it needs more base I think you
might know the answer
oh what about that compressor Andre was
setting up to achieve some sort of
parallel processing don't be too hard on
yourself if you don't figure it out I
think the Jam's already pretty Ultra but
it could be hyper hyper
hardcore okay I don't think we're doing
that this just play through
also the parallel processing thing hurt
my brain cuz I don't think they're using
that term
correctly you can do parallel
compression that does make sense but I
don't understand why it would be used
for I couldn't imagine using a
compressor in parallel to tame something
as intense as that [__] base sound
also if the Basse sound is subharmonic
to the point we can't hear it why we be
we be using it anyway unless we're
pitching it up to that to that effect
why don't we just recreate it with some
else that's was dangerous I don't know
having these
thoughts the skiff float once you get in
have you made all remember what the net
picker said it's a small tank okay
[Music]
is this ptis head
this feels so [__]
[Music]
po which is always which is a compliment
of course
[Music]
it's actually okay this is it's actually
really scary how much this sounds like
portra said I'm actually scared
[Music]
shout out Beth
Gibbons she also had a banging record
last
year banging in the most existential
sense sorry I'm running the ambience
I'll let it play
never
[Music]
the boat comes to a slow stop the
lieutenant turns the engine off then
there's silence in the silence a spatter
of wings a flock of quals takes off in a
distance let's go
the chain Trails off into the ocean
connecting the island to the Supply
Depot on the coast ah yes so it seems
for bringing Munitions to the island
maybe and supplies you could also lock
the bay when you raise the chain as a
defensive measure lock it off that side
of the Bay from enemies enemies of the
commune of R this sea for was a
revolutionary fortification I believe
crude oil
the dry grass crackles under your feet
as you stop far away Birds Wings touch
the still surface of the sea the flock
of quail departs now more than 100 m
away
102 105 on the islet There is almost no
wind just the light movement of air
through the reads bull rushes swaying on
the waterline long dried leaves chafing
against each other like a silent
Orchestra tuning at the beginning of
some major work of great importance to
the few who attended a silent hiss see
in moving through the needles of a pine
tree the far away Roar of the city
distant like today's dream before it the
sound of sand the low tide filtered
through its grains a bird tending to its
feathers a low hum the air slowly moves
through a concrete box through its
ancient slits and cracks resonating
Hollow a big building air flows out of
the pbox window there is very little
there the air CeX flowers on a meadow
absolute silence Harry's hearing is
insane bull rush is motionless AIT a
sound impatient to happen but not yet in
this world yes
I have is that why we're
stopping the lieutenant nods in silence
ICM this feels familiar somehow
insulindian citizens militia it's the
official name of the communal Army the
black and white Army of the Revolution
sounds an awful lot
like it does the RCM May descend from
the ICM it's impossible to say it was
chaos after the war the name was good
for getting people to join us R was
mostly workers and criminals nice
political thoughts rush through your
neocortex it's going to be hard to say
then carrying around all that weight on
a busted crutch is making you
pent there were all sorts of groups in
groupy school back then it doesn't
really
matter no an upside down star with its
horns in the sky the symbol of the
commune no that's the uninhabited
archipelago a DeLorean era symbol of
inela known as the face in the sea after
44 years that's not nearly enough to
hide what happened here Lieutenant Freer
one of these barrels was still leaking
fuel as you saw the city is full of
things like this old bullets guns fuel
uhhuh
there's a greasy Old Spring mattress in
the corner resting on piles of soft
cover books white linen and a pillow are
visible under a worn out Caracol blanket
someone has been squatting here the
linen is fresh recently washed you force
the rest of the sentence out through
pain
thick as meses no longer able to hear
yourself speak you know officer you can
rest here if you are feeling tired I
will keep watch you could use some rest
for what's
ahead you face the concrete War there's
less light there in the dark corner like
a dog you lie there the blanket feels
cold the entire room does concrete and
cold minutes pass half an hour hour
maybe the sounds of the sea Beyond grow
distant your eyelids close until you
feel yourself standing up in the
darkness right next to the mattress
slowly the world begins to hatch from
the Blackness it's
evening sleep
yeah
okay Kim
Kim Kim
kimothy the
chain why why are you telling me these
things why is it saying this to me
huh am I
dreaming dolorous day the innocence of
humanism internationalism and the
welfare state turns around to face you
she has an Airship airbag in her hand
she seems to be in a hurry off to advise
the queen of chest most likely this is
the holy suin of mndi and inela
definitely not your wife you need to
talk to her think of the historical
knowledge you could glean I don't know
man what is the holy suarin doing here
something seems off I'm going to marova
to live there in
grad it's 1 million kilom away Harry
might as well be another
lifetime just my scepter my Globe cruser
a spare silk gown a toothbrush travel
documents the crown of
immortality oh
this this is just a wreath the crown of
immortality is made of rarified light
mana and raw
Palladium it was passed on to me by the
rulers late Antiquity she looks at the
suitcase not knowing what more to say
then over her shoulder silence her nutal
gown Flows In The Wind wraps around her
holy body
anyway I'm sorry I was heading to the
aerodrome I just don't have time to she
means she doesn't have time to temp to
your
emotions hey
I'm doing really good actually both
professionally and
romantically I've come to a fulfilling
and peaceful period in my
life well how are you doing
Harry don't say that I know this
positive thing sounds stupid to you
Harry but it
works we all have an obligation to be
happy you too and you will be she sigh
and looks over her shoulder no Harry no
I don't want a massive epic
showdown I want to go to the
aerodrome I have tickets for the 1020
flight to marova I miss my wife tals
really we don't have anything to talk
about
anymore every combination of words has
been played
out the atoms don't form us
anymore us our love
our unborn daughters it's all
gone I have to go to the aerodrome I
have to leave R Shaw and you and you
have to be alone in Hell
forever that's just the way it is oh God
whatever you do don't try to kiss her
yet not after that you're still reeling
you fall over if you try
now I don't want it it looks expensive
ensive I don't want
it that's not what figurines do Harry
she looks at the Headless F Rider
between your fingers and doesn't know
what to say the figurines don't do
anything anything at all but I thought
the historic figure she had yes I
thought it would be good I didn't ask
for things it's too late to give me
anything they do nothing I would have
liked the Headless Fallen Rider back
then I don't know what you mean dolorous
day wasn't I Dolores day just a second
ago now I'm the ex thing you're
confusing
me look I have to be at the lazan
aerodrome at 10:20 M I still have a
light rail to catch I haven't even
bought the tickets
yet I'm glad too but I have to go my
friends are waiting for me on the
platform I can't let them wait it's
impolite I
will a thousand times you beat an animal
a thousand times you've raised that
fabric what is underneath has always
calmed you centered you made you sane in
your mind you could still climb inside
her bed still the only
man oh Harry you shouldn't have done
that call me like
that they shouldn't have they really
shouldn't I was in marova
already safe in the warmth of the night
wrapped in my future
love there I think of you less and
less whole weeks go by without me
remembering you months
already soon it will be years without
the
hurt I sit there in marova in the Holy
gratitude of my
Bliss I put my hand on my belly and
smile
the air gets cold around you she looks
down on her stomach then up at you her
eyes are full of tremendous distance and
mystery blackeyed dogs wand the alleys
apple trees hang their bony limbs low
over the patchwork of roofs red and
black revera West the Evening Sun she's
left and bloomed far away from us our
vast soul
means
pain why that's what doore means great
now I'm the symbol of
pain the morning I don't
understand oh my God Harry stop I don't
want to hear anything about the mourning
mourning is someone who's still alive
any of that well that was a [__] one to
roll over I can't do that anymore yes
Harry I am
am things have gotten much better for me
now that I am the ruler of the known
world oh God it's already so late I have
to go Harry a tiny golden watch with red
straps around her bony little
wrists we both said a lot of things we
were very young it was her I can feel it
I can see it in her tender long fingers
in her her wrists her hand wrote it said
those things as Queen regnant I write a
lot of letters you need to recite it to
her for effect all of it no summaries
yeah put a stake through your heart
she'll get hurt too collateral damage
she won't get hurt she'll Bend out of
the way
okay
Harry okay it was morning and you
slept the room smelled of cigarettes and
Rin there was hor frost on the ground
when I left
it was Autumn the first one we had
together but you have to understand it
was a million years
ago no it was a 100 million years
ago I was someone else then filled to
the brim with love for you hanging on
your every
word oh Harry you were the
coolest but I'm no longer that
person this
has taken her place it will devour you
Harry I will eat your mind the light of
the video rental shines through her
dress now a DeLorean figure cut in Black
moves below it's still her her legs her
breasts her
hips the coolest with your leather
jacket and your boot cut pants smoking
working in the bus
stop I wanted you to be the rest of my
life that day and you were some of it at
least you were my first my first kiss my
first time to have sex the first and
worst time I fell in
love I will always have that with me
it's a
fact but that is all it
is it's like a ticket St
Harry it doesn't do anything anymore yes
let's talk about that too let's bring it
up the
zoo in
ladan the day we went East of the river
to the aquarium
first I was sad about my mother I don't
even know
why the Shimmer of the fish tank on my
face the
octopuses it was just a day then but to
think were we there now you could touch
my hair kiss me talk to me about
anything
go virtually anywhere in the
world not like now now our interactions
are limited to pain and
regret it's here Harry we are on Voyager
Road at the end of it 300 M from the
stop we used to come here to rent videos
there you could not pay the electrical
bill it became a lightless
tomb the years you spent training for
the militia my parents
money it was not good surely the alcohol
didn't help
either everyone has a little glass of
wine every now and then I certainly do
it's a queen regnant thing
I don't think it was the alcohol it was
inevitability see if you drank with her
you'd be cool again if you drank with
her you could have sex on alcohol
electrochemistry relax is there really
anything left if not we can always
repeat one of the things we have already
talked about talk about it
again if you do not feel like doing that
you should let me go to the aerodrome
I have to Harry really I've already
missed the
8:30 I'm going to go now lies s she
cannot but love you she has said so aund
times light life
culture it's so much better than
here everything here reminds me of you
and the horrible times we
had the nights we stayed up fighting for
our dying love I have to wipe it all off
me and be clean
again I want to be a good person again
not this not what you made me into no
you don't you're just being a martyr and
I'm really going now the time is up I
must be on the 10:20 flight I won't see
you but you will see me oh Harry this is
a dream can't you
see I'm already in marova by now who
knows how long ago this happened a year
two 5 years ago right here tomorrow
night once this dream starts happening
it keeps happening three times a week at
least and Harry it really really looks
like like it started happening
again there's the video rental I'm
suffocatingly beautiful and young and I
smell of Tutti Frutti chewing gum like I
did that time when I asked you for
forgiveness after leaving you the first
time so long ago oh yes this is real
darkness it's not death or war or child
molestation real darkness has love for a
face the first death is in the heart
Harry sorry
what what the
[__] now what was the point of throwing
that in
okay see you
tomorrow oh thank God
Kim love you C up oh up I need to go
back to him you're up quick how was you
sleep
okay he's still worried you must have
really threshed and squealed in your
s the greasy Old Spring mattress lies in
the corner yes any time if you need a
rest later it's okay by me you don't
have to be a
hero books and magazines lie scattered
on the floor and on a makeshift cupboard
they are not particularly well organized
most are soft covers serialized
fantastique and detective stories from
the 20s and 30s this desperate digest
includes the classic animal Adventures
popular depictions of man versus nature
by amateur naturalists TNT harpen
husband and wife widely read by people
from all walks of life who doesn't like
nature who doesn't want to survive among
what is mostly commercial fiction and
serialized stories you find a magazine
cathodic for electrical engineering then
it's back to P light erotica an
international Thriller about circuit
Benders someone made themselves a
home oh yes under the bed there is a
rather extensive collection of critical
theory that is Da life nonaffirming
left-wing literature published by small
small imprints such as abattoir firm and
UIA it's not exactly like reading UIA
humanitarian Sciences stands out not a
lot of critical theory around in rash
West anymore your incendiary remark has
failed to provoke him wasn't there some
in the Communist students
room well yes that one student did the
little books seem inconsequential next
to the big pile of frivolous enti
payment covering them Whoever has lived
here they have some education and a
certain set of interests
interesting soft
covers soft covers oh that's probably
the same thing I didn't
realize found
Army Surplus winter
scar an old cylindrical generator is
nested above the ammo lift with
makeshift electrical wiring running out
of its side and across the floor the
cables disappear into the wall to your
right the lieutenant puts his hand on
the metal Barrel check Che in for warmth
it's cold now but someone has been
maintaining it the wiring has been
repaired downstairs
somewhere a hollow ring the canister is
empty dust falls from the generator and
down into the ammo
lift I don't know I'm not a philosopher
that is his idea of a joke
a small Agony minuscule bones may have
fractured but it proves the point he
nods
approvingly he even Smiles someone who
is basic electrical skills has restored
it in order to keep the room warm maybe
it's the fire guy the wind outside picks
up Suddenly with a faint howl inside
it's warm the lieutenant assists you
holding the canister up to the fuel tank
as you tilt dark brown viscous fluid
pours out and the room fills with a
chemical smell there's a red starter
switch on the side of the cylinder and a
start rope on the other side the
lieutenant flicks the switch The Recoil
start wakes the old Generator up the
machine sputters like an old warhorse
before settling down to a Ron that
should do it
looks like we're needing morale where
we're
going green paint flicks off the
monolock aluminum cabinet there are rows
of switches on the front panel a
frequency band and even a keyboard the
keys rattle like teeth this keyboard
hasn't been functional in decades Kim
what's all this then the console of an
antique computation device the generator
upstairs with wires coming out determine
it here I think yes let's see DW one the
emergency open the blast door opens with
a series of clicks a shaft of light
appears then widens as the light shines
in big ass door big big ass door love it
after
you don't worry I have a
gun I don't know a thin wisp of smoke
rises from a charred black fire pit the
wind picks up then dies down again extra
good did I do
I'll be extra careful not to fall
through
can't walk in a strange feeling looking
at the water maybe you should just
wander off into the sea leave it all and
walk in with a bottle in your
hand in the still mirror of the bay you
see martines reflected tall edifices of
ruins reaching into the water like
shimmering towers and the Shacks too
pine trees and motores upside down I let
some posts like Stepping Stones lead
into the water in front of you go step
in it's been too long always perhaps
there's somewh there under the water
waiting for you where it has always been
smelling of Tutti Frutti and betrayal
Maybe you know it's going to hurt yes
cold and
still but love is warm like the inside
of her mouth yes yes yes
yes shut
up
okay it's time to play the video game of
disco
Lum a rubber dingy
bro has a sniper
rifle an old man wearing tracksuit
trousers leans on the framestock of his
rifle he gathers a big ball of spit in
his mouth then spits it out into the
extinguished fire before him he raises
his black eyes hooded by creased eyelids
to meet yours un clouded by cataracts
his eyesight is sharp he's practically
tearing up from spite hatred got the
best of him a long time ago this man
hates everything the what
now I can't hear
you I may have all sorts of little rats
have come sniffing around trying to give
up the position the position sounds like
a hiding place fire G
regressive Bourgeois henchman can't even
talk like a
grownup my
eyesight yes helps me see all the
[__] I
did and you opened it
how I should have burned that console
down the boat engine on the water it's
not nice it's a piece of [__] but it
gets the job done it's a three angong
446 Southeast Samaran made exotic must
be defunct too no modern rifle
manufacturer of that name Springs to
mind a samaron rifle how did you get
hold of one it was sent to us by our
brothers in the S commune military aid
you you heard me it's good now like
chalk white from the ball he's right
almost no one remembers there was a
third metastasis of the World Revolution
in the saffr Empire extinguished in '
06 they wouldn't like hearing their name
in your mouth damn dog the time will
come to win his trust comrade it is not
now you need need to take care of the
gun
first the lieutenant pul is pistol from
The holster you are a glorified night
Watchman this is a service rifle I can
only lay it down before an enemy
commander of corresponding rank his
elbows rest on the frame stock calmly
for now but he may still get it in his
hands
looks like he knows the
weapon oh
jeez it's a good line but your voice
slips on Commander producing a little
squeak sounds like you're afraid a big
time operator of the Pedas
Army how about I keep it huh hand it
over to a real killer a brisar the
lieutenant aims his pistol square at the
man's forehead put it down now sir or
you're going to blow my brains out
before you question
me to hell with it it's a walking stick
anyway it's out of
bullets like an amputated limb in the
sand he STS on his wrinkled mouth moving
without a sound a strange sad
like a
song the future teaches you to be alone
the
present the present to be afraid and
cold my name is Yosef Lilian ofic
dross political commissar
the4th anti-aircraft division of the
fourth Army of the commune of revall I
am a deserter a partisan and a prisoner
of war this is my termal surrender the
commun of do you mean dicm you're
holdover from the from the insul Indian
citizens militia the army of the
Revolution I was recruited in Jamrock 7
trained in theal thol AR young and
consigned to emergency defense duties in
8 I left my unit on the eve of the
landing when I returned here on May 14th
the commune had
fallen still armed and ideologically
trained I wrote a criticism of myself
and resumed partisan duties 51 - 8 equ
alss
no I've been on other Islands
too I was an Arion until they turned it
into a spa in
18 then I was an
e48 a nameless sound until the sea
washed over
it then I came back here that
was 22 years ago
how does anyone survive I
steal supplies
vegetables I collect rain water it's the
life of a dog Not a Human Being how is
your health Mr D I've been throwing up
blood since winter red like beetroot
been passing it in stool too he does
seem fra G for this age more like 75 at
65 trouble putting on weight could mean
Cancer the RCM can provide medical
services you need to be looked over I
need to
die you don't have medical facilities
you have guns that's all they give you
toy
guns there's nothing to look over the
triage is in and it's black ad Minister
morphine
Mor I haven't I have holes in my brain
years missing others filled with pain
only a decade
of I don't even know what
Inferno I would imagine it gets
tremendously difficult mentally to leave
in isolation traitors it's better alone
I watch the people of this city turned
the lights back on more and more each
year ruins glimmering in the dark like a
[__] merry go around it's
disgusting are they not heartbroken how
could they have moved
on it was hard in the
T I didn't have partisan training they
were searching for straggling as those
blood
hounds flood lights on the water at
night there were posters campaigns weat
communards still hoped and they needed
to Snuff that hope out the East
capitulated Martin and Colt city were
turned to
dust but Jamrock forberg even coron and
Boogie Street of course those [__]
Kips had Mas off csing through their
veins and others too some cordons of
reaw was still fighting there were cells
I tried to contact
them soon they all went silent the
frequen is dead at night I used a dingy
I only went after dark then when I got
to the city I stayed underground patrols
ulot the commons too
they'd started snitching in the city you
move underground from bunker to
Bunker not anymore no one cares now I
don't even have to
hide they think I'm another antisocial
vagrant I could walk straight into that
town if I wanted and
just I don't want to they're all trait
pigs rabbits and
dogs men without ideals are only animals
he does not want to see life moving on
people forgetting drinking laughing so
you finally found it there must have
been a small squadron's worth of arms in
there Elma graves
right useless now rusted away so you
you've been there
sleeping some nights how I cring on
others those mcgraves were [__] even
before they corroded some had bullet in
the chamber however you feel the dots
connecting little dots on the map he's
walked across wait how did he get down
there I didn't have to came in through
the storm drain storm drains there used
to be a system that connected the
bunkers tunnels and such under the
church and
everywhere most of them are gone now
collapsed just breaks all the old
infrastructure
has the propaganda
bunker I used to but not anymore
propaganda
bunker they stored leaflets there
broadcasting equipment too made
broadcasts I think propaganda officers
I buried them with their leaflets they
killed themselves two young boys a lot
of our boys did I spent some Winters
there never liked it kept thinking of
them no need to go underground
anymore it's better in the ruins on the
ground the old man looks across the
water at the city the ruins the
motorways rising above it 43 years and
months it's not how a human being should
live but I had to I couldn't just forget
I couldn't just forget what I saw what
have you been doing during all this time
hiding fishing waiting where the
afternoon grows late on rud giz Lan
people walk home street lights will soon
be lit further Inland the streets are
alive with workers men women children
Street Hawks and migrant laborers the
temperature is steady Alto cumulus
clouds form above Precinct
41 always waiting for her to return her
who girl child
Revolution
always the material base for an uprising
has eroded
the working class has betrayed Mankind
and themselves the historic opportunity
for a revolution has passed it will not
come back
anymore however hard I try whatever I
do I was just 16 years old 15 when I
volunteered I had a lapse of
faith and of courage too you could say I
misunderstood the historic role of the
proletariat and thought mazovian
socioeconomics were fallible for a
second I doubted the irreducible laws of
historic materialism a second is all it
took for reaction to take
hold Petty bouro Terror it's in all men
it's the same thing you haven't seen it
not really not naked it's impossible not
to be afraid and this was when May the
13th 08 44 years
ago the Horizon was black with Coalition
airships their petroleum Rose to the sky
it looked like
like it formed the clouds storm clouds
when they started shelling it was dark
magic the combined might of
international Capital all at once all
the greed and Terror in the world tore
into
riversa it lifted streets from the
ground and turned houses into ghosts we
were in the flat Tower h on the floor
the artillery was 80 kilm away in oon
but I knew I knew the commune would fall
we would all be turned into Ash so I
said I was going to the map
room I ran I climbed the chain link
across the water and hid Inland in the
bunkers
underground like the weakest of the weak
a mouse frightened of the ordinance all
night and the sound of the rotors in the
morning
woring
airships I climbed out into
hell The Landing was complete the chain
was submerged I had to swim back the
Fortress was half submerged too
shattered they'd all drowned in the
lower levels or got torn to shreds above
the anti-aircraft gun had
malfunction so would I I left them
without ideological
Direction it was real I'd seen it I'd
seen it in
reality the mask of humanity fall from
Capital it has to take it off to kill
everyone everything you love all the
hope and tenderness in the world it has
to take it off just for one second to do
the deed and then you see it as it
strangles and beats your friends to
death the sweetest most courageous
people in the
world you see the fear and Power in its
eyes then you
know that the bourgeois are not
human I had to I had to fight it I had
to never
stop it's not an island
D it's a defensive fortification of the
commune of
Reva and I am its last surviving
Defender the congenitally deed King
Philip
II tilt it to restrict access to the Bay
of
Reva we captured it in 02 retrofitted
the fort with an AA gun to defend
against an Airborne
Landing against the whole world
Coalition military called it operation
death
blow I later found out on the radio they
called it death blow you're one of them
tell me who speaks like that we had 50
million people on Caillou
alone sure you are you're RCM answer me
who calls an operation against 50
million people death
blow
irus the eless
trigger I finally found him
right the blackeyed
angel you're with the ass CM the
Coalition appointed mob that enforces
Bourgeois morals in
rolw you're the RCM you represent the
moralist international the enemies of
humanity who took this city I represent
their
adversary
communist take me to as a prisoner of
war I have relinquished my weapon I
can't no longer serve no superiors can
relieve me of my duty you bulldo them
all to a mass grave for trying to free
Humanity a spray of blood from his mouth
on the black charcoal in the fire plit
Renee the royalist on the coast
said liberal reactionaries signed that
instrument traitors who should have been
burned
alive I answer to the Communist party is
that part of why you've been here all
this time because the party didn't
surrender he just wiped the blood from
his chin honor is a feudal
activism my motive is
class no I am not a soldier I am an
ideological officer I belong to the
party not the Army trained in historical
materialism then assigned as a political
commissar by the party these things used
to mean
something the old man does not answer he
tilts his silver head and looks at the
reads you see a small Tremor pass
through his legs his job was to assure
the armyan to civilian control and
follows the ideology of the commune
scientific
communism a commiss politic is a night
philosopher of the Revolution a future
human awakened from shutdown by the
promise of ideology he nods slowly then
another
Tremor I don't know what the D thing to
do in this whole situation is there's
nothing
serious in this
world it's a
fast real music it's
larier you [__] licking bougie dog sh s
of the Black and Whites Maring
song There you go one of three in
grud they sang Brave children favorites
of history and in Sy it
was some Samaran [__] I
guess everyone has they named a [__]
perfume after
it talk to her
God [__]
house should have taken it down like
they did in gr dismantled it for
firewood there was something there when
he said talk to her all around you the
air slowly circulates the islet carrying
little swallows and black beaked
seagulls in its slow drift they all
every one of them every bird mammal and
crustation
keep their
distance I've seen kids lose their minds
and start talking to the city asking it
to protect them when the shelling gets
bad calling it l Shier cities can't talk
it's bouro
idealism I don't want to talk about this
[__] anymore how did it go
something about shooting rabbits I don't
know I can't remember it doesn't matter
it's gone now he waves erratically with
his hand annoyed that he can't remember
a little Tremor passes through him it
was dear to him he resents forgetting
it I've used it for killing people
killing people it's a gun that's what
they're for War you want a moralist
euphemism defending your family and your
property I haven't done that I've used
it to kill people interesting during or
after the war there is no after the
war class war is never over so he's
continued killing after hostil it is
ended okay okay good job logic you
figured it out who can really woo
right this is it you can feel it like
battery acid on the tip of your tongue
something you haven't felt in a while
but this is what you live for this is
the [__] the great serotonin jackpot the
solution going straight no euphemisms he
doesn't like those no no be careful now
slow and steady does it make him repeat
it first don't M this up
remember he wants to tell you get
personal the who now he heard you he
just wants to hear you say it again this
is dramatic flare on his part right
choice we're in do it s
oh yes that
one ugly piece of work that boy did you
kill him I am a son of a welder and an
officer of the commune of
revall I do not collaborate with
murderers and pederasts of the liberal
regime exhausted with proof pile it all
on him get a confession the scent of
blood in the air but what else there was
something you can't remember something
about the tracks suddenly all those
tracks are so confusing go with
something else
first you lost D you're lost
his gaze follows your motions the rifle
feels surprisingly light in your hand
frame stopped and patched in places with
tape and wire the rifles in a Shabby
State like a crutch that's seen too much
travel hieroglyphs are embossed into the
forearm made of Walnut on the butt you
see vestine writing burnt into the wood
triang 4.46 mm made
inia the right type and the right
calibra he's liking this no one said it
has to be a b mrave we were just
guessing from ballistics it could easily
have been a triangle too it doesn't
matter if it was made in Shanti Shanti
all it has to do is use jacketed
ammunition and it does the old man keeps
following your motion with his gaze
his right arm twitches suddenly some
kind of involuntary response something
is slightly off with his motoring this
looked very much like the murder weapon
it can be used against him
later for a 60-year-old man with stomach
trouble who spent his entire life alone
on an uninhabited Island he's prone to
erratic hand gestures and clearly
malnourished
but that's it you can see no more by
looking at his slouch frame the moment
passes and you say I ain't going
anywhere okay dude let me just put put
my put my shed the composure is that
chill
thanks he's like what are you talking
about I
know minions of
capital what do you
want what's strikes you about this gaunt
man is not the stomach pain or the cough
or the malnutrition it's precisely what
you could not see before for a man who
spent 44 years inen in the urban World
indeed he speaks fluidly his movements
are rapid if erratic his voice despite
the cough is there it is capable of
expressing complicated ideas above all
he seems animated it's a mystery this
animation comes at a cost too erratic
hand gestures thought processes cut off
like threads as he just stares at the
logs or the reads he also suffers mood
swings bubbling to the surface
unconstrained by his nervous system
you've seen demented people before this
feels similar yet different when his
thoughts move they are Lucid Keen even
not Cena is this some kind of substance
damage like he's addicted to something
not only the painkillers is clearly
on no I won't be stuffed full of [__]
like the rest of this city it's not a
downer rather an upper judged by his
snaps like some kind of decadent
rockar no I'm not okay I [__] blood and
I'm surrounded by insane people there is
again eretic hand motions bouts of rage
and the stomach thing too of course
could it be a symptom of overdosing on
something something even you have not
tried keep your eyes peeled pretty
bouris
law this is all you care about right the
only thing in the world for U types a
drop of blood in the saliva that's right
pile it all on him now three should do
it maybe
four not a lot of guns around that use
military grade ammunition are there it's
a real gun not like your musketeer
pistols you look like
imbeciles why don't you ask them to give
you real
weapons going against automatic rifles
with these toy guns oh of course of
course you got those boys killed damn he
saw you he's watched it happen he would
have a good view of the tribunal from
here it's not just empty
posting like [__] you did you didn't
handle anything I watched it happen you
let those beasts rip right into them got
the fat kid killed the old man too none
of those people mean anything to to you
the vultures feed on this city and you
prepare the meal for them you're getting
diverted push the gun only the gun
matters so you watched the fight did you
like what you saw the Mayhem it was all
your doing your plan you got them killed
you don't know
anything you know what you're right I'm
convinced this made the shot should we
call
it for 46 jacketed ammunition modified
for range we have it this is it
good this feels good doesn't it telling
things up like is when you have the
murder weapon you have the killer
murder stupid
D the lieutenant looks at you with worry
in his eyes
intuition is an aaren
psychologism IT reeks of crypto fascism
the parasite class use intuition to
justify their rank in life it's all just
palmistry and Magic Earl creatures your
brain is rotting from the radio waves he
does not answer the provocation it does
not look like he thinks this approach
worked but still somehow you knew it was
a communist perhaps you suspected it
before you took the case the vision was
you remembering that was it supposed
to the Inland sea is dark vast and on
the surface meaningless standing there
slack
Jord brain festering wait here it comes
the godamn May Bells the dried May bells
on cla's roof there were May bells in
the grass when you got here they're
revolutionary symbols from the war
nowhere else nowhere in all of martines
have you seen them this did the flowers
actually matter wait don't forget the
footprints the diagonal prince in the
dust in the secret space behind Clara's
bedroom now they're going to come up you
got it remember the bootprints were like
no modern Soul nothing else comes up you
see the lieutenant watch you try to
stimulate thought processes by hitting
yourself I'm sorry this didn't do
anything usually hurting yourself does
off youer a
word almost where almost ready to bleed
to death no come on the word let's
go oh my cam meter's going off
I think we may have this from nothing to
this in a day this is good Lieutenant
gor we just need a confession first and
then maybe a solid motive later I can
see that yes I'm not judging yes good
going that should be our first priority
good we are doing very good he wants to
confess I can see that we just need to P
it on a little more the more we have on
him the closer he is you hear that if
thinks you're this close ballistics let
him cook here for a minute or two we can
have another look around the island for
a sniper's nest I think we should check
out the bust remember he wants to tell
us but he doesn't want to help us it
needs to look like we already have
everything there is palpable excitement
in his tone he likes him for this a lot
but there's something more too he thinks
the deserter has more than just this
case in him for 44 years here oh yes and
he hasn't spoken to anybody in a long
time if we get him open who knows what
we pour
out so we're looking for uh snipers
Nest would that not be on just Higher
Ground might be
here where would it be
it's a tower right yeah that's what I
was
thinking but I can't seem to platform
over there can
I
or oh they're
railing can we go out further this way
oh
yes you can go
somewhere yes yes
yes
H okay I can't get there through
here but how to get
in do we just got the other way again
like that's
oh we can walk up there it did not look
like it but we
can there's a rain soaked mattress on a
concrete slab only half covered by the
crumbling roof at the head of IT double
embur firing slits like two eyes in the
wall this looks like a good place to aim
from a single person mattress modern
civilian use brand name marjerie there's
a fuel stain on the cover along with
cigarette Burns and an empty can of
beans on the ground next to it filled to
the brim with cigarette butts the bean
ha the silhouette of a tobacco picker
adorns the paper filter the brand Tio
Moi yes this guy gets around there's a
fire in slit in the wall in front of you
like a little window
quite old and grimy from years without
cleaning by anything other than the
rain the Springs Screech as you lean on
the mattress and crane your neck to look
out a small piece of Martina's Coastline
opens up in the square in front of you
like a tiny landscape painting 1 km
across the water the ruins look
familiar a tower in skyscraper its top
floors sh sa d off by artillery Fire
capite Apartments rud des's Lane 33a and
33b the red chimney and collapsed back
of the four-story tenement in front of
the whirling in rags Rude desant jizan
10 the doomed commercial
area the box-shaped silhouette of the
whirling in rags its sloped roof a tiny
Fleck of light catches your eye on the
rooftop Sun light reflecting off the
upstairs window of cla's
room do you have a line of sight to the
window more than
that a pair of binoculars or a scope of
a rifle you'd be prone lying on the
mattress Barrel resting on the Embraer I
think we have it the origin of the shot
this is the sniper's nest three small
Pats in a
row affirm that's gay
why we don't go everywhere in a thousand
M radius of the crime scene that's not
procedure don't beat yourself up officer
we did not put guns in their hands or
get them drunk the lieutenant pauses
regret comes over him we will make up
for it here I feel
it what is the point of GRA these
things well I'm grabbing them
anyway the reads St strangely [__]
Harry really really wants it to be the
Incy Indian fasma
Med with his gay little
Strat his stay little
gut minions of
capital what do you
want pretty a drop of blood that's right
right pile it all on him now three
should do it maybe
four everything is brands with you
individualists who cares what brand my
shoes are
Sansa some [__] show me the souls Please
Mr dasas [__]
imbecile the maker is called sensor and
the size is 42 to 44 these are not the
unusual horizontal patterned Souls you
saw in the dust on the floor of the
Hidden room they do however seem to be
about the same size the size fits but
not the
soul s he doesn't have to be wearing
them right
now racking those brains are you
desperate to report something back to
your Masters they must have really loved
that dead fun the lieutenant gives you a
quick sideways glance and nods the
prince were his you can see it in those
eyes he can't keep them from flickering
looking for something the old man stares
at his own prince in the ash around the
fire silence suddenly some strange
process within him a gush of wind
seagulls in the distance damn May BS
whole island is turning white with him
he seems tender suddenly nostalgic even
a strange mood
swing it it's
crazy Harry was right there's like so
many things Harry was right about in
this game and no one none of us realized
us he was like right about a million
things and I was just like this kind of
[__] idiot he was just right so many
this year too the spring is coming no
it's already here wash the filth
away they blossom on the isets before we
fertilized them with our
blood
aerion was Snow White in May before they
ruined it South the Bay of martines is
dotted with little freckles of islets
turning green with white flowers in
white snow the coast too before they
piled their containers on top of he's
like intellectually not an idiot he's
only emotionally an idiot do that does
that make sense finger think about this
entire game he's got an encyclopedic
mind he literally can despite having
Amnesia remember a million things things
that are very detailed and like
technical it's just that emotionally
he's a [__]
loser
but but he's like intelligent which is
weird you must get around a lot to stay
undetected all these years do you know
any secret paths pinball workshops I
may class
year with the
victim there is a small tremble looks
like a smile a crooked smile yet isn't
quite voluntary he's about to burst you
know who he was a Coalition trained
murderer armor an arm he wasn't human
the blunt end of a hammer dripping with
blood we don't know about
one
but I can't know if like CLA was lying
about that just to not get involved with
the authorities either so question mark
baiting us to the ground moaning with
joy you HS get so thorough when a
company train killer dies I haven't seen
you on this Coast for 40
years you know maybe I should have
killed one sooner got your
attention now you stop beating druggies
and prostitutes in your
basement now you come to
investigate not when they die by the
hundreds this is it shot him shot him
say shot him not killed
him oh the
inhumanity one paramilitary less in
Reva the lieutenant raises his right arm
to us you while the lieutenant listens
holding his
breath I had them in my sights both of
them him and the [__] I was breathing
with them in phase and I pulled the
trigger and flew on the air until I
landed in his mouth I didn't think I had
a shot like that in me anymore I did I
saw him kneel there with his mouth full
of death and that stupid look look on
his
face and his dick still in her nothing I
went to sleep next morning there were
May Bells everywhere the world was white
all what's left of it
anyway my last spring here I knew the
fascists would come to avenge their
own and so they did Mr D are you aware
you're confessing to murder
yes and you were looking at them the
victim and a young woman having sex
through the scope of your rifle that
night before you shot him the old man NS
why because that's what they were doing
the motive this is where the motive is
going to come from I don't understand do
you detective I don't understand this
part I'm always
looking are you always looking through
the scope of a rifle I'm just trying to
understand a rifle scope has the best
magnification and if you don't like it
yes think of it as a form of critique he
will not stop now these dialectical
materialist types never do exploit it
you got him going connect every little
piece now wrap this up like a
gift then
[__] I didn't like
that jealousy is a reactionary concept I
didn't like the Reaver enjoying himself
drugged out soothed in the arms of a
young woman I wanted him to die so he
could not enjoy life anymore and I
wanted to see his head
explode that too she should know better
than to hold a child murderer between
her thighs I knew he'd be there for one
more second
ring that's all it takes for the bullet
to reach his
head now that I think of it I wasn't
aiming for his mouth I wanted his brains
to spill out on her
but you can't have
everything since she came to martinz I
saw her sneaking in the reads early in
the morning behind the F building it was
dark still winter she didn't have a
skimpy outfit on then just a spot in the
night moving past the fell building on
the ghost what was she doing there
hiding something in the water she had a
[__] after she'd done it I was up in the
ruins there no she's straight she
couldn't see me but I could see her
smoking she was nervous but not scared
and
beautiful her passport and tickets to
reier and from there to Cas in the free
state of semine Hidden Away at actually
she wasn't necessarily straight was
she just based on the conversations she
struck me as at Le through by so never
mind I know it's a cigarette I was
joking
after she was gone did you keep the
documenting
it no I put them back why would I take
them I'm not going to
f oh I
mean in the Water behind the campsite
there I don't remember precisely it was
in the winter it was cold P out a
strange confusion comes over him from
time to time some kind of apparation of
the nervous system I
did she had a face like an archipelago
with those birth marks and a body hard
and lean and bruised all over black and
yellow I could see she's taken a beating
I could see who she was too a spook On
The Run rever Charles the CL Waker of of
capital now all the bag men and arms
dealers end up here to do drugs and have
sex like animals you could tell she was
a spook from the documents she had
different color hair on the photo and
glasses forged you didn't have to repeat
some sorted bourge Affair I've heard
about this kind of thing on the
radio he's setting it up for you the
bruises you can't make that out in a
scope
you can't see bruises through a scope
it's just a
blur it quickly comes to
you oh
yes cutting those drugs of hers into
little lines with a knife
masturbating everything in him fills
with impossible longing all at once did
you make that hole with a clip Point N
good for listening in too for hearing
the moaning and the snorts like that too
yes bending like a bow against the
glass I've been through all of martinz
every nook and cranny yes that
too the things they did in that little
room what she' do to feel good
funny the way light works you turn it on
inside and it gets so dark out you can't
see a man looking in I learned that in
the 20s when they were still hunting me
I've seen people do some [__] but those
two took the cake You Hear The Familiar
scribble of the Lieutenant's pen a quick
glance it's you how did you get in there
the hidden pinball Workshop I can just
walk in there now after a good wash I
told you they think I'm an
antisocial closing hour is a good time
the kitchen's empty you had to open the
steel door in the kitchen how I got that
open a long time ago some Bourgeois game
Merchant live there I don't know 15
years ago he left spare keys all over
and I took one then I saw her turn the
light on one night in my scope Andy
found use for it a spear key like the
one hanging behind the union box window
there's there's nothing to hold on too
only this it's it's not enough the coals
of his eyes glisten suddenly like stones
dripping with water is he crying man
needs to feel something else in this
fight it helps if you have your eye on
something
there it's weakness I know
no yes over the
years it's not un proletarian to feel
something
no I don't really know I was there one
night and she was crying like a child in
the corner of her room on the floor like
she does sometimes the day after I
killed him yes I don't know why I do the
things I do anymore
maybe I told you I have holes in my
brain now I wouldn't just sit here
waiting for you if you came 10 years ago
I would have killed you in the silence
the lieutenant draws a line in his notes
then nods at you once
more the lieutenant nods at you in
acknowledgement
where is she that's
CL I haven't seen her there for
days good for her that girl kept staring
into the scope you know in the end this
last week kept staring at the island at
night crying or smoking on the roof like
she knew I was
here it doesn't matter
Midtown across the bay of Rell the
oceanic wind washes 40 story Towers
above them Lucan Central Aerodrome a
cocoon suspended in the Sky by a web of
suspension wiring encircled by hybrid
aircraft on the platform a young woman
is withdrawing from amphetamines
barbituates and alcohol yet still she
smiles among the crowd among the great
ghosts of the city she's leaving for
another far south smaller distant hidden
not like the great chandelier she sees
Sparkle in the night below her street
lights towers tenaments and water and
across it a dark strip of ruins barely
visible if she didn't squit her eyes he
knew she knows she was looking at the
island figuring it out day by day
cigarette by cigarette we could get more
we've got him talking who knows what
he's seen and done over the years enough
take him in Bend his arms behind his
back and end this a tragic
comedy druggists prostitutes and ren a
strange little engine seems to fire up
in him again it straightens his back the
familiar putt putt putt of
hatred specifically the whole city is a
charal house stripped clean and draped
in neon but
martinz martinz is the worst because of
the
racists everyone is a racist in Martinez
it's their favorite thing to do in the
whole world listening to race themed
radio shows in the ruins in their lores
pump full of steroids and radio rever
92 race this race that it's all
sanctioned by that Social Democratic
Union and the farce of a Social Democrat
who runs it yes the fly lava in his
container he led some nihilistic
advertising yuppies erect a statue of
Philip III a syphilitic murderer on the
Town Square to spit on the working
class not since the Surfs of ancient
perican nases has history produced a
more inert social class than the
Martina's
proletariat the rest of Reva at least
pretends to rebuild these people still
live in ruin intents like animals like
those boom boom morons on the ice a pity
they didn't drown in that tent of
theirs the worst of them is the blood
drenched surion on her yacht licking her
lips the old horse gone now her gun
toting porcelain men are dead so
actually no the worst is that old cop
parading around in his uniform throwing
balls all day it's not enough that the
racists and Liberals are dancing on our
Graves the old loyalist ghouls still
parade the ruins too every morning he's
there there while the parasites he
fought to protect or off in oon or
quam or some other Island they built
their palaces on feeding on drugs and
having sex with their own
children that's all the rich really want
sex with their own children throughout
history even the Royal bloodline of the
suarin it's all just an excuse for them
to have sorted
sex at least that old [__] Fel is now
dead we did good when we pushed him
under that horse car if only in the 30s
those disco
[__] the Disco [__] are too much
hatred shuts down his brains language s
leave it only a nonsensical sputter the
the disco was lastra there was something
about a statue and nihilistic
advertising agency people might be worth
investigating boomo Mourns on thin ice
going under those are the tent kids
hor
okay syphilis is a disease Philip thei
contracted in a wh house the statue is
an Abomination the bacteria entered his
brain and made him squander trillions on
sparkling wine caum and monuments of
himself his son Philip IV the insane
contracted syphilis in the womb that is
technically possible although Philipe
III was not actually syphilitic he was
just
mad and he still went on to govern rev
schal at 25 years we lost 2 million
lives toppling that mode of government
and those grotesque statues too hundreds
of
them what a keen remark yes it is isn't
it it's still there do you know
why that's right some advertising
cockroaches erected a cynical
deconstruction of it we tore it down
with honest workingclass plastic
explosives and there is it is again art
is a bouro establishment it's an up
front to
humanity every Gallery should be
bulldozed and the artists should all be
given 30 years of hard labor in yokata
wait The Bullet Hole in Philip's heart
the statue had been shot that was him it
had to be he's already proven capable of
taking a far more complicated shot from
here I did a needless sentimental
gesture I should have spared the bullet
for a deformed monster of liberal
capitalism shameful really yes shameful
so many others to punish over the years
isn't that right detective the fat Union
man let them put it there corrupt as he
is probably got a fat check for it too
shared with the law he keeps having
opinions about the Union's leadership
another hideous
disappointment unions are the Real Enemy
the true enemy of the
proletariat plating the masses
disappointment so personal he displays a
familiarity with the Union's top broth
that deformed toad I wouldn't expect him
to wipe his own ass I mean the brains of
the operation the smart one Edgar
he talks a big game about Uprising and
social base they must have sent the
smart one to some University in lardan
where it's alienation this and hemony
that first against the wall with
him declares wouldn't miss a men hidden
in their own backyard not all this time
nothing happens in Martinez without them
of course maybe the clear's asked
into I haven't approached anyone I've
hid it was Edgar who came to me how did
he know you were here he didn't just
stumble in like an
oath he figured it out some kids told
him about a monster on the island I told
you he has brains stepped right off the
boat and walked down where you came I
even kept the door open for him thought
he was a man of the left wouldn't rrap
me out I was right about one of those
things 20 years ago neither of them
could walk now could they they were less
fat then that's around the time the
clears came to power Edgard did the
talking paid his respects like I were a
fossil in a uniform offered platitudes
about the struggle flaunted his pink
degree even quoted marof never trust a
Social Democrat Who quotes
marof oh and charity too they love their
charity offered me blankets and social
housing I still have the gas cooker he
brought let me be here the zoc is an
unlawful successor of the commune of
revall we took this fortification from
the Loyalists even the Claire's
understand and this they let him be here
understanding was a courtesy but why
such a courtesy you know why I killed
that [__]
dwat as to Edgar I'm not doing anything
for that swine again again what have you
done for Edgar before tried teaching him
some Marian
socioeconomics they didn't stick we
parted
ways okay he didn't do the hang for them
but he's insinuating something there is
more here you can feel it he was not
outright lying but
almost the connection comes to you like
a splash of cold water dark cold
water he acknowledges it here we go a
Twist behind the dark bend that
Bourgeois cow tiffan Holly was her name
l a rich man's hand every time he came
to town oh never seen a labor leader so
hot on Mutual Corporation and money she
liked that too that Holly was a real
bridge builder and a deal
maker she was and she was real soft on
those money men had a Barbara Musa bag
over her shoulder that she liked to
bring to work called in they say on the
eve of battle ran away vanished like a
piss stain no that's not quite it did
she they say her daughter called in not
her personally but that wasn't really
her daughter was it no I guess it was
not she couldn't make the call herself
here it is the bend in the river because
she was
dead the cow caught a bullet in her
right lung
fell into the canal grasping her tit and
drown or bled hard to say it was a
sloppy job and a moving Target she was
going home wadling the high pitch sound
is a part of the game I can hear Drunk
like she often was the ruins were black
around her and she had a yellow leather
bag under her arm she tried to cross the
canal I was noticing a lot less until
until you mentioned it I doubt it's like
affecting me
heading home to Gran coron or banur some
place like that where they build those
new baton for the people who flourish in
the hell around her and the ruins
someone shot her or maybe the cow just
fell my memory is full of holes all I
know is nothing changed not in the
material Bas not in the hemony there was
no Uprising just words the union fizzled
sogged nothing came of it Edgar didn't
keep his part of the
deal if you were to testify to this give
the RCM something on Edgar you could
walk we would strike everything you've
done and process you as a p you were in
a war you were on assignment we could
even extradite you to the Samaran
People's Republic a degenerate worker
State
gshit no thank you I'm
ran my days are short I will rot away
here in a moral intern cell I will not
testify to
anything I saw it happen and I liked it
that's all I have to say I didn't live
and fight for 40 years to end up as a
collaborationist I've heard it on
Channel 8 40 a.m. radio rever sh late
night everyone is a blobber in this
world everyone betrays everyone they're
all already locked up for betrayal the
best ones the ones with heart were
slaughtered trampled the same old
freezing hatred they were Boom Boom
imbeciles at least they're not there
anymore what more is there to say
they're duped by Bourgeois culture I've
seen that kind pop up like worms having
a hard time paying attention now that
I'm hearing the sound oh this plans to
say hardcore
man I don't think now is the time for
this officer to know of their
beats violent Bourgeois language even
music is a form of homicidal
competition saxophone blowing
anti-communism
every [__] morning for 34
years throwing that ball one ball
against the other I've always Lo that
game that is not a working class game I
don't care what they say on radio
June royalist goh
played like it was life
itself click clack across the water each
day and that uniform like a parrot
plumage I won't even mention that he's a
traitor to his race a pank maniac race
traitor I remember him I remember him
from Lanos not him personally his m
model there were tens of thousands of
them I thought we took them all out
before the Liberals came to their
rescue we missed one that
one there doesn't seem to be a single
person under the pine today not even
geston alone fat and plump like a
pheasant just begging to be popped
off please Mr Truss shoot me not yet I
like to look at him strut around place
the Crosshair on his medals right on his
face and just fiddle the trigger think
about it let the Bom Bomb melt in my
mouth oh Bonnie save the treat for
later
Kim Kim kth he is a juicy Bon bom that
one a real treat he's like I don't think
that's the time for it now officer the
black save the treat for later when I
put that gun my own I no don't waste it
put this lead in that [__] Ren for the
boys he killed and then I look at him
throw those balls and I suddenly feel
better I even hid one bullet so I'd
always have one for him
haven't seen him around lately strutting
around must be down with
arthritis I hope it hurts like hell I
hope he sweats
blood huh yes of course I hope it hurts
like hell I hope he sweats blood must be
torture not to be throwing his balls for
a whole week he seems relieved
could he have been worried for him yes
where is
he I hope he doesn't have debilitating
ass rtis or kidney stones he can still
come out to play with balls and get shot
in the head right
no I waited too long wait I should have
said just kidding I waited too long and
now he's dead I'm sorry Mr D I
understand you knew him time they're all
dead now
[__] if he really wanted to kill him
so bad he would have done there must
have been a thousand Black Days on these
islands his health
hailing all human beings care about each
other I cared for seeing his head
explode now God damn as word I'm sorry
[__]
you and I blew them all I'm so sorry you
couldn't kill him gone ancient dust
what's really funny is like this doesn't
even saying I'm sorry about sorry you
couldn't kill him feels authentic it
doesn't even feel like a
joke you think I haven't seen people
die it's all I've seen them do [__] and
die all the other plans we had to love
to colonize the pale it's all [__]
because doesn't look like he is
okay glad we talked about
what
what but you said I would be taken to
the this terror is the sum of all the
uncontrollable movements and mood swings
he's been exhibited the wind picks up
the silence on the water is broken all
around you little sh is he literally
denied the opportunity to like continues
like an incantation your WF farer rights
have been suspended information provided
to the officers on the scene will be
used against you by the prosecution you
will be given legal counsel within one
week and must face Court in 44 days do
you
understand do you understand
what no I don't want to I have to stay
here
he's sweating beads are forming on his
forehead pupils are dilated too eyes
getting blacker and Blacker your
confirmation is not required sir now on
to the
boat you thought you heard something but
it's just the reads maybe we could all
fit in
there actually
no not really we could as C him to the
pier then either one of us can take him
in land while the other stays here but
but then who watches him while you're
coming back
here you come back for me how about I go
and send a boat back for you what is
this
V this is a [__] fast I can't lilan
you could ask her
maybe this is no harmless old man this
[__] world this world what is
this no listen listen
now no no it would take a whole day on
this island you go and transport The
Prisoner I'll be here I can escort him
to the pier with
you this world what are you talking
talking about is
this us the wind is cold from the
East your skin is crawling
suddenly
what the
[__] that's not real
what a delicate tangle of arms and legs
unfolds from the reads limb by limb to
then just stand there what moving its
sidike arms in ghostly
silence it's still there an unfolding
mechanism of read likee kiting covering
in place what are you talking
about there's nothing there
is he just
daydreaming the stick insect is over 3 m
tall it looks straight at you with its
tiny pinck eyes and its grotesquely
small head you feel your leg shaking
under you and your gun hand move to your
holster but you don't have a
gun you feel the Lieutenant's hand on
your back and then you hear him say
forward I can see it huh thank God
if he can see then you're not insane but
that means it's really there spinning
slowly an absolute silence its limbs
long and slender be very very
careful this is not real the creature
stands on Long stilt-like Legs antenna
hanging from his head like a woman's
hair white and curled this is not real
readed likee toughs stick out of its
joints as the insect moves its forearms
it produces a faint hiss like a real
tooreal machine spinning after the tape
breaks
huh it
is you glance over your shoulder the
lieutenant holds a piece of mil
aluminium he begins to pull it open
extremely carefully it's the camera no
the flesh will scare the creature off
warn him
now we need a photo no one will believe
us from the corner of your eye you see a
sudden Cascade of motion Ripple through
the fmid limbs a series of ultrasonic
clicks fills your ear I won't be one of
those fools who didn't take a
picture you see the f turn to him its
mandible antenna reaching out its
motions are quick
sudden I don't think the pheromone will
do
anything the spindly mechanism turns
itself back to you it's antenna taking
their measure of the air
slowly slowly with your breath held you
take two small steps toward the fmin the
creature lets out a series of ultrasonic
clicks that swarm around your head like
like laughter a sort of Happiness the
trach system on the creature's abdomen
expands in front of you to take in expel
air it's smelling you hissing and
clicking it extends its mendable like
antenna to greet you you're right below
it now looking up at the Colossal kiten
of its white limbs the head of the
creature is crowned by reads and its
eyes are like small droplets of
water maybe it is real the pheral M the
insect's head is crowned with Reed likee
scals the shape of seed heads they
rustle as the air moves the ventricles
at its abdomen continue expanding like
lung LS breathing you in your sour
greasy semiochemicals on the breeze
the insect stops its stridulation
seeming to observe you below its crown
of reads little pinprick eyes detect
motion glittering the world stands still
around you suddenly there is
silence as you do the invertebrate comes
to life its limbs moving independent of
each other as if each has a mind of its
own they are white like stalks of
porcelain in above you praying to
you the Reed creature does not stop its
tribulations it Towers above you parting
the reads it emerged from toughed light
structures still rustle what is
happening joints Perhaps it is preparing
to eat its
God no reply a total ancient silence
comes from its mouth along with what
appears to be some kind of foam the
stridulations of its limbs continue all
around you you were right little bubbles
form on the mouth parts of the creature
on its segmented lower lip it looks
careful it may be poisonous oops the
foam slowly turns a darker shade like
burnt caramel as the insect moves its
mouth Parts masticated nothing its
simple eyes give off no flicker of Light
No One his home low on AES of its limbs
are insect likee unknowable perhaps
without substance even mute the insect
Foams from its mouth Parts tilting the
plates of its fused together head from
left to right as you back off the fmid
also takes a step back into the reads
something tells you the arthropod
follows you with it okay okay okay okay
okay okay okay
uh this is maxed out I've lost the
game hissing and clicking the arthropod
extends its mandible like antenna to
greet you again
okay there is no change in the insect's
motion while it's being aimed by the
camera it remains fixated on you it save
before the fmen
531 oh
yeah speed run it really quickly the
creatures St read like toughs stick out
of it it
is you GL no the flesh we need a from
the corner of your I won't you see the
fmid turn I don't think the spindly
mechanism
a sudden it moves just an inch closer to
Something in its body language has
changed just
slightly slowly like the tra pissing and
clicking it may be the in breathing you
in your sour the in suddenly as you do
praying to you the re Perhaps it is
preparing to eat it's got no reply you
were right little careful the foam
slowly turns a darker shade like burnt
caramel as the
insect
okay no you're
awake I am
real light is forming
me this is real I am an unknown species
of the order fantasm Modia andic to the
insolia ISA for the last 350 years I
have hidden in plain sight masquerading
as the reach molding cing myself
unfolding at night to play with trash
and boys it plays of the B and boys no
one unnoticed by the first settlers and
the land surveyors of the suarin also by
the soldiers of the Revolution and
officials of the
occupation even the zanese Islanders who
came here first but did not stay have
not seen me I have stayed he in four
forms of government and two scientific
revolutions until it was accidentally
discovered by detective of the cities of
Malaysia in Ros show District of Martin
March 51 tell me what is like for
you then I will tell you what is like
for
me what is your ear
for me it is not like that I have States
not
emotions for example I experience
excitement and unexpected sugar rewards
oh I got it but that is not
important now I will tell you how it is
for me for me it is a series of half
images a kind of Darkness being intruded
upon
transient de moist shapes of plants and
animals and internal
Sensations a swarm of sounds tiny
vibrations on the inside of my
forearms all speak of complexities
totally beyond my understanding I am at
the end of a nof
funel
weightless so light it only feels like
to be me in truth perhaps I'm nothing I
certainly do not have a soul and if I
did it will never
ache I don't know you're just a shadow
for me far away fly
transmitting but for Curious
smell few of us can begin to imagine the
horror of you
is all of creation reflected in your for
brain it must be like the highest of
Hells a collidoscope of fire and W in
glass yeah Eternal damnation yeah even
when you're sleeping and when you awake
you carry it around on your neck the
eyes open that cannot help but swallow
more behind the mirror I feel great mute
empathy for you
that must be incredibly hard the orot
are ins Sil and meaningless all of you
know that we're watching when you're
tired when a vision things out of
control the insects will be looking on
rooting for you that's nice and when you
fall we will come to raise you up but
from you B like Blossom from you and
carry you apart in the skyi
being owner of your passing but not me
because I'm just a leater I got up so am
I I was born to detect sucu rewards and
sem chemicals what were you born to
detect he's in a bad State deteriorating
fast now he thinks I am beneficial to
him but I am not I only Quicken his
deterioration very slowely and only
because he won't go away it is meant to
keep them from noticing me to interfere
with the pictures in their heads but he
has looked at me for too long and I'm
destroying him not even the Birds know
that not even a watch
L you can also eat it if he's Le you can
put it in your mouth oh I love I love
this character wait
[Music]
so yes they don't
mind yes I once clown myself and ate the
little ones it was Winter and I woke up
at the long time a it was an accident
why did you eat
yourself no you are theor of our
encounter is I am a relatively Iman life
for well it is you who are told
extreme Madness a volun seia nerve
system ominously new to the
planet the pale too came with you no one
remembers it before you the narian Do
Not the radially symmetrics do not there
is an almost unanimous agreement between
the birds and the clums that you are
going to destroy us
all it is a nervous shadow cast into the
World by you eating away at reality a
great all natural territory is as one
coincides with the Rival of the human
mind you're a violent and irrepressible
Miracle the vacuum of Cosmos and the
stars burning in it are afraid of you
give me enough time you will wipe us all
out and replace us with nothing just by
accident we suspect it will be something
like the opp Holocaust that wiped out
anerobic life 2.6 billion years ago when
organisms first started breathing only
much worse instead of there you exhale
thoughts there are no trees that eat
thoughts
ah everything your eyes Touch goes back
there behind a nerve mirror what if you
blink are we still here please
don't what if he misplays us saw one day
we just
forget please be or one day one of you
will close your eyes and sign and open
them to see that none of this ever
existed it doesn't look like that
no you're just in inde
it okay is it somehow related to the
case I think we should take a picture
and then you should back away from the
unstead
species no there is one more
thank you I also have one more thing to
say to you that woman huh turn from the
ruin turn and go forward do it for the
working class you cannot lie to me
behind you it smells of fires so awfully
fire you are prepare to go in her
presence and it
okay she was middle class it doesn't
take a 3 m sck in to tell you that okay
okay okay okay thank
you
okay there is no change in the insect
motion while it's being aimed by the
camera it remains fixated on you in
three If It Moves you jump back I'll
shoot here we go 3 2
what the shrill flash of the camera cuts
the air like the blade of a sword the
fmid freezes in its bright it's so cute
head turned toward the lieutenant
hypnotized by the flash it stands Frozen
before
you I got
it do I touch
it
no
no self-control a shutter pulses through
the creature's limbs it jolts back to
life like a record continu it where it
left off in a swaying preying motion
even the small black Pearls of its eyes
do not stray from
you I don't want it to act up and then
Kim shoots it as you're turning away the
fmit mirrors your movements stepping on
the water the long limbs carrying its
feather weight without breaking its
surface
huh so it's
real it's real and just like that it's
gone skating away across the SE SE calm
mirror like a skipping Stone leaving
nothing but circles on the water and
something under it in the place it stood
bobbing there among the reads a
collection of items it's
gone looks like a nest of some sort we
should have look apparently yes that a
water's treder
only I've never seen anything like that
in my life what
now in some kind of strange semi katonic
State our suspect is not looking so
good s huh
oh
oh it's the guy's
stuff that's the guy's stuff
what is it what do you want from me I
can't go something is very wrong with
him
now
see Mr dasas the man does not respond he
keeps staring black eyes glazed over and
bulging from their sockets his gaptooth
mouth shaking like an addict of some
terrible
substance the plastic Cape feels coarse
a light shiver pass is the man other
than that no reaction he feels small and
frail he's going into some kind of
psycho Mobility the good news is this
solves our transportation problem
doesn't it Mr D the trembling mouth
appears to sign between this and the
broken tire is used for a boat I think
it's safe to leave him here while we go
and get help it will need to be medical
first I'm afraid
he stares into the reads your words
don't stir anything in him perhaps you
should nothing just dlls if Kuno kicked
it into the sea as he said he did the ab
would put it back here this makes sense
Mr DUS could have picked it up or the
fmid even if it did this is incredible I
I lost he turns his eyes to the reads
again as he's done so many times beige
and white stripes he lost the scope then
it somehow made its way over there with
the help of a mpai
FID the wife this site is A9 M was it
detached to the rifle when you made the
shot silence not even a sigh you've
gotten all you will out of this poor
being the plastic Cape flaps around his
face in a gust of wind his back is
slouched and his mouth open the blacks
of his eyes are receding his pupils are
returning to normal old age and
shock yes the arrest and the appearance
of the fmid the combined stress but you
think it's something more than that
don't you quite a few things about that
health check you did on him make sense
now you should be more careful detective
are you sure it wasn't having an effect
on
you are you sure
you were looking at it for a long time
almost as if you were hypnotized a valid
hunch long-term exposure to something
like that could be neurod
degenerative you mean
feromona the SC knowing of her bruises
his disposition toward M or I see what
you
mean like a drug his pupils appear to be
dilated this still
are he was energetic and articulate
after all these years alone with little
hygiene or medication I would expect
worse it does not seem to be animated
now it's left honestly I'm ready to
believe anything at this point maybe it
is psychoactive I mean why not it's 3 m
tall that could be part of the shock but
you're right something is off here no
resp
bones then how did we see it Oh you mean
whatever Does this does it over time
teenagers kids drunks sightings are
brief and hands not credible but anyone
who spends a long time with it mhm Mr Dr
have you ever seen a stick insect
pretending to be the
Reids the doctors would have to look at
this I hope your station has better
medical personnel than
57 this is I need an advance for a nurse
he did seem distress when it finally
came to arresting him like he didn't
want to leave this place and the insect
maybe I have absolutely forgotten to
take notes I hope I remember all of this
this will be one hell of a report thank
God we have the photo no one would
believe you without it we should think
about getting back to the mainland to
get help he'll be safe here if we don't
take too long okay I hate to be this way
but it's almost 9:00 a.m. for me and I
thought the game would end a little bit
sooner
and I have to
sleep
um I was expecting it to to end earlier
I feel like it's really close to ending
but I I have to I have
to I have to call it somewhere
um does anyone know how much longer this
is also Dex why don't you have
mod are you on a different account do
you want mod on this one
too about an hour if you take your time
yeah I I can't do this till 10:
a.m. okay um normally I don't do streams
okay I'll give you mod real
quick
uh there you go um okay I don't normally
do streams back to back but I'll see if
I have the energy to do one
tomorrow and with the leftover time we
can just do other
stuff if there's leftover
time but
wow but
wow what do I even say why is that
real help
me help
me
[Music]
bye you can do this